enty:body the corpus callosum is in what part of the body ?
desc:desc what is the origin of the name igor ?
num:perc what percentage of the silver production is done by independent silversmiths ?
loc:city what is the name of the city that maurizio pellegrin lives in ?
desc:manner how can i find out what year a beanie baby was introduced ?
loc:country what country 's people are the top television watchers ?
hum:ind which vietnamese terrorist is now a un delegate in doonesbury ?
hum:gr name the organization that is presided by a security council .
enty:word what is the longest english word that can be formed using just the first row of letters on a typewriter ?
loc:city what is the capital of burkina faso ?
num:date when was nostradamus born ?
desc:reason what made the finger lakes in western new york state ?
num:period how old is too old for a child to not be talking ?
loc:other what is the web address at which i can find the e-mail address of a member of the us house of representatives ?
enty:food what is `` the taste that beats the others cold '' ?
hum:ind name the creator of `` the muppets '' .
num:volsize how big is a quart ?
loc:other what is the geographical center of the us including alaska and hawaii ?
desc:def what was the filling in the first golf balls ?
desc:reason what was the claim to fame of the football game that saw fordham defeat waynesburg state 12601 on september 3 , 1939 ?
enty:food what is `` the soft drink for adults '' ?
loc:other where in the bible does it tell about jesus christ 's brothers and sisters ?
desc:def what 's the staff of life mentioned in the lord 's prayer ?
desc:def what does inuit and eskimo mean ?
hum:ind who seized power from milton obote in 1971 ?
desc:desc what did the confederate constitution say about slavery ?
num:count what 's the american dollar equivalent for 8 pounds in the u.k. ?
loc:other where did luther display his `` ninety-five theses '' ?
hum:gr what chocolate company gives you a one-pound kiss ?
enty:food what powdered soft drink mix went into space ?
num:date what date is richard nixon 's birthday ?
hum:ind what tv comedian worked with white fang , black tooth and pookie the lion ?
num:count how many feet are there in a fathom ?
loc:state what state was named the green mountain state ?
hum:title what was queen victoria 's title regarding india ?
hum:ind who is the director of the international group called the human genome organization , hugo , that is trying to coordinate gene-mapping research worldwide ?
hum:ind who came up with the name , el nino ?
num:period how long does it take for spider-man 's web to evaporate ?
enty:other what did a 16th-century aztec athlete get for putting a rubber ball through a ring ?
enty:color what color are the castellated walls of the kremlin ?
hum:ind who was the first woman golfer to earn a million ?
desc:def what is tetrinet ?
enty:food what food of the three bears did goldilocks eat ?
num:count how many muscles does the average adult use when going for a walk ?
hum:ind what composer was awarded the medal of honor by franklin d. roosevelt ?
hum:ind who makes the `` die hard '' car battery ?
hum:ind what baseball player was known as charley hustle ?
enty:animal what animals did the amazing three masquerade as ?
hum:gr name a south african diamond producer ?
enty:plant what is state tree of nebraska ?
