desc:manner how did serfdom develop in and then leave russia ?
enty:cremat what films featured the character popeye doyle ?
desc:manner how can i find a list of celebrities ' real names ?
enty:animal what fowl grabs the spotlight after the chinese year of the monkey ?
abbr:exp what is the full form of .com ?
hum:ind what contemptible scoundrel stole the cork from my lunch ?
hum:gr what team did baseball 's st. louis browns become ?
hum:title what is the oldest profession ?
desc:def what are liver enzymes ?
hum:ind name the scar-faced bounty hunter of the old west .
num:date when was ozzy osbourne born ?
desc:reason why do heavier objects travel downhill faster ?
hum:ind who was the pride of the yankees ?
hum:ind who killed gandhi ?
enty:event what is considered the costliest disaster the insurance industry has ever faced ?
loc:state what sprawling u.s. state boasts the most airports ?
desc:desc what did the only repealed amendment to the u.s. constitution deal with ?
num:count how many jews were executed in concentration camps during wwii ?
desc:def what is `` nine inch nails '' ?
desc:def what is an annotated bibliography ?
num:date what is the date of boxing day ?
enty:other what articles of clothing are tokens in monopoly ?
hum:ind name 11 famous martyrs .
desc:desc what 's the olympic motto ?
desc:desc what is the origin of the name ` scarlett ' ?
enty:letter what 's the second-most-used vowel in english ?
hum:ind who was the inventor of silly putty ?
loc:other what is the highest waterfall in the united states ?
enty:other name a golf course in myrtle beach .
loc:state which two states enclose chesapeake bay ?
abbr:exp what does the abbreviation aids stand for ?
enty:other what does a spermologer collect ?
num:count how many points make up a perfect fivepin bowling score ?
hum:gr which company that manufactures video-game hardware sells the `` super system '' ?
num:count how many community chest cards are there in monopoly ?
desc:desc what do mormons believe ?
num:date when did the neanderthal man live ?
enty:religion in what religion was isis the nature goddess ?
loc:other where do the adventures of `` the swiss family robinson '' take place ?
enty:animal what relative of the racoon is sometimes known as the cat-bear ?
desc:manner how can i register my website in yahoo for free ?
enty:other what was cash-conscious colonel edwin l. drake the first to drill ?
num:count how many people in the world speak french ?
num:count how many inches over six feet is the venus de milo ?
desc:manner how do they find or choose witnesses to an execution ?
hum:ind what 1920s cowboy star rode tony the wonder horse ?
enty:food what cocktail inspired john doxat to write the book stirred-not shaken ?
hum:gr what isps exist in the caribbean ?
desc:manner how do you ask a total stranger out on a date ?
enty:other what weapon is the mythological character apollo most proficient with ?
loc:country what country do the galapagos islands belong to ?
desc:def what is ethology ?
hum:ind who was the prophet of the muslim people ?
desc:desc where did the term `` 86ed '' come from ?
hum:ind who is snoopy 's arch-enemy ?
desc:def what is the nature of learning ?
enty:color what 's the only color johnny cash wears on stage ?
enty:termeq what 's the term for a young fox ?
loc:state what u.s. state lived under six flags ?
desc:def what is the kashmir issue ?
loc:other where is the loop ?
desc:def what does `` extended definition '' mean and how would one write a paper on it ?
loc:country what country 's capital is tirana ?
desc:def what is titanium ?
hum:ind who do herb and tootsie live next door to ?
loc:city which city has the oldest relationship as a sister𣩴y with los angeles ?
desc:def what is a caldera ?
desc:reason why do people get calluses ?
loc:other what are the names of the tourist attractions in reims ?
desc:reason what are cushman and wakefield known for ?
loc:other what body of water does the danube river flow into ?
hum:ind who is the founder of scientology ?
enty:other what does the six-footed musca domestica become when it enters a house ?
desc:desc what is the history of skateboarding ?
hum:ind who starred in singing in the rain and the singing nun ?
desc:manner how do i make fuel bricks from recycled newspaper ?
hum:ind what 19th-century painter died in the marquesas islands ?
enty:body the corpus callosum is in what part of the body ?
desc:manner how do i log on to home page at headquarters u.s. european command ?
loc:country what country did the nazis occupy for 1 , cd nns in nnp nnp nnp .
enty:other what is nebraska 's most valuable resource ?
num:count how many species of the great white shark are there ?
desc:desc what is the origin of head lice ?
loc:state what is the nickname for the state of mississippi ?
enty:animal what was the first domesticated bird ?
num:count how many villi are found in the small intestine ?
loc:country what country did king wenceslas rule ?
enty:dismed what is a fear of shadows ?
hum:ind who were the five marx brothers ?
num:date in which year was new zealand excluded from the anzus alliance ?
num:date when did cnn begin broadcasting ?
desc:reason what causes the body to shiver in cold temperatures ?
desc:def what are bear and bull markets ?
enty:cremat what j.r.r. tolkien book features bilbo baggins as the central character ?
desc:def what is `` dew point '' ?
desc:def what is the meaning of jesus ?
hum:gr what company 's logo is a `` w '' in a circle ?
desc:def what is the definition of a cascade ?
num:date when did rococo painting and architecture flourish ?
loc:country what country 's national passenger rail system is called via ?
hum:ind who invented make-up ?
desc:desc what is the origin of the word `` attic '' ?
desc:desc what did delilah do to samson 's hair ?
enty:animal what kind of animals were in the paleozoic era ?
hum:ind which of the following was rhodes scholar ?
hum:ind who comprised the now-defunct comic book team known as the champions ?
desc:manner how do you make a paintball ?
loc:state what u.s. state is fort knox in ?
enty:animal what is a female rabbit called ?
loc:mount where is the highest point in japan ?
desc:desc where do chihuahuas come from ?
loc:other where does barney rubble go to work after he drops fred off in the `` flintstones '' cartoon series ?
loc:other what are the world 's four oceans ?
enty:cremat what 's the only work by michelangelo that bears his signature ?
enty:animal what is the largest snake in the world ?
enty:cremat in what medium is stuart hamblen considered to be the first singing cowboy ?
loc:other where on the internet can i find a song lyrics database similar to the international lyrics server ?
num:money how much money does a back injury lawsuit get ?
enty:termeq what 's the common name for acetylsalicylic acid ?
desc:def what does the georgetown `` hoya '' mean ?
loc:other where can i find a list of `` classic '' books 5th and 6th graders should read ?
enty:product which two products use a tiger as their symbol ?
desc:manner how is the election of a new pope announced to the world ?
num:period how long does it take for your blood to make one complete trip through the body ?
desc:manner how do chickens have baby chicks ?
desc:desc what is the historical relationship of catholic church and bingo ?
desc:manner how was the element calcium named ?
hum:ind what crooner joined the andrews sisters for pistol packin mama ?
hum:gr what piano company claims its product is the `` instrument of the immortals '' ?
num:date when did the bounty mutiny take place ?
enty:cremat what novel inspired the movie bladerunner ?
desc:def what is a transistor ?
enty:cremat what is a film starring jude law ?
enty:animal what hollywood dog died in the arms of jean harlow in 1932 ?
enty:substance what are the most common elements in the earth 's crust ?
num:money how much would it cost to purchase a 2-foot-square party tent , with sides , ?
hum:ind what actress has received the most oscar nominations ?
desc:def what are equity securities ?
desc:def what is gymnophobia ?
num:count how many years do fossils take to form ?
loc:other where is the orinoco ?
enty:animal what was the name of the `` little rascals '' dog ?
loc:city what city boasts penn 's landing , on the banks of the delaware river ?
enty:cremat what broadway musical was inspired by cervantes 's don quixote ?
desc:desc what is the origin of the word , jj .
num:count how many hostages were killed in the entebbe raid ?
desc:manner how you can raise your iq ?
abbr:exp what does inri stand for when used on jesus ' cross ?
hum:gr who produces spumante ?
hum:ind who earns their money the hard way ?
hum:ind who founded the people 's temple commune ?
hum:ind what athlete makes the most money from sports merchandise sales ?
num:count how many bends are there in a standard paper clip ?
hum:ind who discovered electricity ?
enty:body what part of your body contains the corpus callosum ?
hum:ind who was the first american in space ?
loc:country what two south american countries do n't border brazil ?
enty:cremat what album put the beatles on the cover of time in 1967 ?
enty:cremat what poem contains the line , `` grow old with me the best is yet to be '' .
desc:def what is a dental root canal ?
enty:event what war did the wanna-go-home riots occur after ?
num:date what is the busiest air travel season ?
enty:body what 's the colored part of the eye called ?
desc:def what are hook worms ?
loc:other where is the rose bowl played ?
hum:gr which japanese car maker had its biggest percentage of sale in the domestic market ?
hum:ind who is the mayor of marbella ?
loc:other what sun-blasted , 14-mile wide valley is just north of the mojave desert ?
num:date in what year did thatcher become prime minister ?
num:count how many months does it take the moon to revolve around the earth ?
loc:other where are the 49 steps ?
num:date in what year was de gaulle elected president of france ?
hum:ind who sings the themes for `` dawson 's creek '' and `` felicity '' ?
hum:ind who directed `` jaws '' ?
enty:cremat on what t.v. show could tom terrific be found ?
hum:gr what indian tribe is f troop perpetually doing battle with ?
desc:desc where did indian pudding come from ?
desc:reason why do some clothing labels say `` use a nonchlorine bleach '' ?
num:count how many colonies were involved in the american revolution ?
loc:city what is the name of the city that maurizio pellegrin lives in ?
loc:other where can i find pictorial directions on how to build a very simple treehouse ?
enty:sport what game 's board shows the territories of irkutsk , yakutsk and kamchatka ?
hum:ind what is the name of the managing director of apricot computer ?
hum:title what is the occupation of nicholas cage ?
desc:reason why do horseshoes bring luck ?
desc:def what is the 401 , k , plan ?
desc:reason what causes pneumonia ?
num:date what are the three winter months in the southern hemisphere ?
desc:def what does gringo mean ?
loc:country what country contains africa 's northernmost point ?
enty:dismed what therapy attempts to elicit the `` primal scream '' ?
loc:other where is the kalahari desert ?
hum:gr which ventura county police department seized the largest cocaine shipment in it 's history ?
loc:city what city is sometimes called gotham ?
enty:body what dangles over the tongue from the palate ?
hum:ind who created dennis the menace ?
hum:ind what dummy received an honorary degree from northwestern university ?
num:date when was the first wall street journal published ?
loc:country what countries have the largest areas of forest ?
desc:manner how do i start a web based business ?
hum:ind name alvin 's brothers
desc:def what is eagle 's syndrome styloid process ?
desc:manner how did jayne mansfield die ?
num:date when did the royal wedding of prince andrew and fergie take place ?
hum:ind what actor said in a day at the races : `` either he 's dead or my watch has stopped '' ?
hum:ind what explorer was nicknamed iberia 's pilot ?
num:date cnn began broadcasting in what year ?
enty:termeq what is a ball that hits the foul pole called ?
desc:reason what makes hamburgers taste like steakburgers ?
hum:gr which company created the internet browser mosaic ?
enty:event what are the rites accompanying the circumcision of a newly born-child in judaism called ?
enty:other what was the education system in the 1960 's ?
loc:city what south american city has the world 's highest commercial landing field ?
desc:manner how can i find out which cities have cable-modem access ?
desc:reason what is betsy ross famous for ?
num:count how many species of sharks are there ?
desc:def what is `` snoogans '' ?
num:count how many people are there in the world ?
enty:plant what shrubs can be planted that will be safe from deer ?
hum:gr what organization 's offices were broken into at watergate in 1972 ?
desc:desc what is the design of the ship titanic ?
abbr:exp what does s.o.s. stand for ?
enty:techmeth name a technique widely used to detect birth defects ?
desc:desc what is the daily requirement of folic acid for an expectant mother ?
desc:def what is the `` 7-minute cigarette '' ?
enty:other what four forms does gold occur in ?
num:volsize what is the acreage of the chappellet vineyard ?
desc:manner how do you correctly say the word ` qigong ' ?
num:date when did beethoven die ?
num:money how much does a new railroad coal car cost ?
loc:country what two european countries entered the war of american independence against the british ?
desc:def what is the filmmakers collabrative ?
hum:ind what russian composer 's prelude in c sharp minor brought him fame and fortune ?
desc:reason what caused harry houdini 's death ?
hum:ind who was the mother of the man who would not be king , the duke of windsor ?
num:count how many revolutions does a standard lp make in three minutes ?
loc:mount what is the name of the tallest mountain in the world ?
loc:other where can i find a review of nightmare on elm street in a film journal ?
enty:techmeth what 's the slowest olympic swimming stroke ?
hum:ind what was the name of the first russian astronaut to do a spacewalk ?
enty:dismed what disease is transmitted by the anopheles mosquito ?
enty:food what rum is so `` mixable '' it is a one-brand bar ?
num:count how many south american countries have the letter z in their names ?
desc:def what is the contents of proposition 98 ?
loc:other where was george washington born ?
num:count how many people on the ground were killed from the bombing of pan am flight 103 over lockerbie , scotland , december 21 , cd .
hum:ind who wrote nn dt nnp nnp '' ?
desc:def what is paracetamol ?
desc:desc what are the powers and weaknesses of green lantern 's ring ?
enty:animal which mosquito 's bite draws blood , dt nn cc dt nn .
num:date when was the first steel mill in the united states built ?
hum:ind what diminutive american female gymnast stole the show at the 1984 olympics ?
desc:desc what is the origin of the name katie ?
hum:gr what schools in the washington , dc nn nn vbp nn nn nn nn .
num:date when did the berlin wall go up ?
hum:desc who is terrence malick ?
enty:instru what instrument is ray charles best known for playing ?
desc:def what 's the meaning of the latin battle cry : ad arma , ad arma .
enty:other what is the mascot for notre dame university ?
loc:other what las vegas hotel burned in november , 1980 , with the loss of 84 lives ?
num:date when did mount st. helen last have a significant eruption ?
abbr:exp cnn is the abbreviation for what ?
num:date when did world war i start ?
num:count how many feet are there in a fathom ?
desc:def what is a canada two-penny black ?
loc:city what european city do nicois live in ?
desc:manner how can i find out what year a beanie baby was introduced ?
desc:def what is the classic definition of tragic hero ?
enty:other to what does microsoft 's windows 3 owe its success ?
hum:ind who was president of afghanistan in 1994 ?
enty:techmeth what are other ways of getting stretch marks besides pregnancy , weight loss , and weight lifting ?
enty:food what did brontosauruses eat ?
enty:color what color bottles do good rhine wines come in ?
hum:ind who was the lead actress in the movie ` sleepless in seattle ' ?
hum:ind who was the 16th president of the united states ?
hum:ind who are the two sons of ozzie and harriet nelson ?
desc:def what is molybdenum ?
num:date when is boxing day ?
enty:other what is the lowest level of the american judiciary ?
num:date when was the battle of the somme fought ?
num:count how many people did randy craft kill ?
enty:animal what 's the official animal of canada ?
num:date when did spielberg direct `` jaws '' ?
num:volsize what is the size of the largest akita ?
enty:animal what animal has the biggest eyes ?
loc:city what is california 's capital ?
hum:ind who was the author of the book about computer hackers called `` the cuckoo 's egg : tracking a spy through the maze of computer espionage '' ?
hum:ind who was the founding member of the pink floyd band ?
loc:country what european country is home to the beer-producing city of budweis ?
desc:manner how do i find the balance of my social security account ?
desc:desc what is the history of valentine 's day cards ?
loc:other where was christopher columbus born ?
enty:termeq what do italians call florence ?
desc:manner how do you get to the top of the eiffel tower ?
abbr:exp what does ` psi ' stand for ?
loc:other what sea did the romans call mare nostrum ?
enty:termeq what 's the term for a bet before cards are dealt ?
enty:animal which came first , according to genesis 1 : 2 : 22 - the chicken or the egg ?
loc:city what city did the flintstones live in ?
enty:termeq what is latin for incompetent ?
enty:dismed what chemicals are used in lethal injection ?
hum:gr what toy company is the world 's no.1 maker of female apparel ?
enty:sport what board game does a `` wood-pusher '' play poorly ?
hum:ind which doonesbury character was likely to turn into a werewolf ?
abbr:abb what is the abbreviation for micro ?
enty:other what are the 7 articles of the constitution ?
hum:gr who has won the most super bowls ?
abbr:exp what does nasdaq stand for ?
abbr:exp what is bph ?
enty:other what is the fastest commercial automobile that can be bought in the us ?
loc:other what stadium do the miami dolphins play their home games in ?
hum:ind who has the only speaking role in `` silent movie '' ?
desc:reason why is poop sometimes different colors ?
num:other what was einstein 's iq ?
num:date what day was pearl harbor attacked in 1942 ?
hum:ind what girl 's name is `` teddy '' an affectionate form of ?
loc:state what state is john f. kennedy buried in ?
enty:techmeth what is the best way to remove wallpaper ?
loc:state what u.s. state has an element named for it ?
hum:gr what company tabulates the ballots in voting for the academy awards ?
desc:manner how did the tradition of best man start ?
num:count how many years ago did the ship titanic sink ?
loc:other what is the deepest area of the arctic ocean ?
enty:color what are halloween 's colors ?
desc:manner how is silk screening done ?
num:other what is the latitude and longitude of el paso , texas ?
hum:ind who made a boat out of gopher wood ?
loc:other where can i find a `` fifth element '' screensaver ?
hum:ind which bloom county resident wreaks havoc with a computer ?
desc:manner how do you match a name to a social security number ?
desc:manner how does a rainbow form ?
num:other what is the normal resting heart rate of a healthy adult ?
num:other what is the population of ohio ?
num:count how many calories are there in a big mac ?
desc:def hazmat stands for what ?
enty:animal what creature scares people in the film `` jaws '' ?
hum:ind what part did john peter zenger play in the deveopment of the newspaper in america ?
hum:ind who followed caesar ?
enty:substance what are the four elements ?
hum:ind who was the first woman golfer to earn a million ?
enty:other what 's the tallest piece on a chessboard ?
loc:other what is answers.com 's address ?
loc:other where can i buy movies on videotape online ?
hum:ind who does the advertizing for frito-lay ?
hum:gr who is the leading competitor of trans union company ?
enty:product what product did robert conrad dare people to knock off his shoulder ?
hum:ind who invented the radio ?
num:count what 's the american dollar equivalent for 8 pounds in the u.k. ?
enty:techmeth what are the different approaches of systems analysis ?
desc:manner how do doctors diagnose bone cancer ?
hum:ind who is the man behind the pig-the man who pulls the strings and speaks for miss piggy ?
num:speed what is the speed of the mississippi river ?
enty:other what are the developmental stages of a swimmer ?
hum:ind what actor first portrayed james bond ?
loc:other what ocean is the largest in the world ?
hum:ind who was the first american poet to win the nobel prize for literature , in 1948 ?
num:date what year did jack nicklaus join the professional golfers association tour ?
num:count how many sonnets did shakespeare write ?
desc:reason what causes the redness in your cheeks when you blush ?
hum:ind who won the nobel peace prize in 1991 ?
hum:gr who are the challengers of the unknown ?
desc:def define the pheonix club ?
loc:city which city did christian crusaders fight to recapture from the muslims ?
desc:def what does it mean `` rupee depreciates '' ?
enty:other what gaming devices were dubbed `` mississippi marbles '' and `` memphis dominoes '' ?
hum:ind who was the first coach of the cleveland browns ?
desc:manner how successful is arometherapy ?
enty:event what jewish holiday saw the start of the 1973 mideast war ?
desc:manner how does a copier work ?
num:speed what is the speed of the mississippi river ?
hum:ind who said of super bowl iii in 1969 : `` we 'll win- i guarantee it '' ?
enty:animal what is dudley do-right 's horse 's name ?
hum:ind who declared : `` i am down on whores and i shan 't stop ripping them '' ?
loc:other where does chocolate come from ?
enty:cremat what tv game show once saw a contestant admit to picking his toes in the shower ?
hum:ind what soviet leader owned a rolls-royce ?
loc:other where can i find a case on individuals with disabilities education act of 1991 ?
enty:event what war did florence nightingale tend the troops in ?
hum:ind who wrote the song , `` stardust '' ?
num:count how many beatles ' records went #1 ?
hum:ind who is the only prime minister of canada to serve 22 years but not necessarily consecutively ?
abbr:abb what is the abbreviation of the company name ` general motors ' ?
loc:mount what mountains lie between the arkansas and missouri rivers ?
hum:ind who received the will rogers award in 1989 ?
desc:reason what is the function of ram ?
loc:other what 's the closest g2 spectrum yellow dwarf to earth ?
num:count how many equal angles are there in an isosceles triangle ?
enty:dismed what is the fear of cockroaches called ?
enty:cremat what cbs soap opera was interrupted by the bulletin of john f. kennedy 's assassination ?
desc:desc what is the use of a 24-hour clock instead of a 12-hour clock ?
hum:ind what was the name of the lawyer who represented randy craft ?
hum:ind what united states president had dreamed that he was assassinated ?
enty:cremat what film did lee marvin win the 1965 best actor oscar for ?
loc:other where is basque country located ?
enty:product what product does `` mrs. olsen '' promote ?
num:date what time of day did emperor hirohito die ?
desc:def what is dry ice ?
enty:other what 's the most powerful card in euchre ?
desc:def what does `` intractable plantar keratoma '' mean ?
num:count how many years did it take james joyce to write ulysses ?
enty:food what crop failure caused the irish famine ?
loc:city what south korean city is served by kimpo international airport ?
num:count how many types of dogs ' tails are there - three
enty:cremat what is the longest-running television series ?
enty:animal what predators exist on antarctica ?
desc:desc what is the difference between a generator and an alternator ?
desc:manner how is energy created ?
enty:food what beer advertised that it had `` three rings '' ?
num:other what is the quantity of american soldiers still unaccounted for from the vietnam war ?
enty:techmeth what golfing accessory was patented by george grant on december 12
enty:other what are the different types of plastic ?
desc:manner how is it correct to say ` qigong ' ?
loc:mount what was the highest mountain on earth before mount everest was discovered ?
loc:other where was the ligurian republic , 1797-185 , ?
loc:country what country 's people are the top television watchers ?
num:date when was the women 's suffrage amendment ratified ?
hum:gr what polynesian people inhabit new zealand ?
enty:cremat what movie tour of the roman empire features the admonition : `` row well and live '' ?
loc:city what nevada center has been dubbed the biggest little city in the world ?
hum:ind what president lived at 219 north delaware street , independence , missouri ?
desc:reason give a reason for american indians oftentimes dropping out of school .
loc:other where must a soccer goalie stand to be permitted to handle the ball ?
desc:desc what is the difference between classical conditioning and operant conditioning ?
loc:state in what u.s. state was the first woman governor elected ?
desc:desc what are some interesting facts and information about dogsledding ?
num:date what year did hitler die ?
hum:ind what famous model was married to billy joel ?
enty:animal what kind of animal is babar ?
desc:reason what is jane goodall known for ?
enty:other what killed bob marley ?
num:money how much money are dumbo 's ears insured for ?
hum:ind who danced into stardom with fred astaire in 1941 's you 'll never get rich ?
hum:desc who is stein eriksen ?
desc:def what does the name billie mean ?
hum:ind who is the fastest swimmer in the world ?
loc:mount what is the highest peak in africa ?
loc:other where is procter & gamble headquartered in the u.s. ?
loc:other what desert has been called the garden of allah ?
enty:other what do bicornate animals have two of ?
desc:reason what function does a community 's water tower serve ?
enty:dismed what is a fear of weakness ?
num:count how many miles is it to ohio from north carolina ?
num:count how much snow equals an inch of rain ?
abbr:exp what does g.m.t. stand for ?
desc:def what does inuit and eskimo mean ?
enty:cremat what song served as the closing theme of the johnny cash show ?
enty:sport what field sport did dentist william beers promote and write a standard book of rules for ?
desc:manner how do i tie dye clothes ?
num:date when does the average teenager first have intercourse ?
desc:reason why doesn 't www.answers.com have any answers to my questions ?
hum:ind what actor 's autobiography is titled all my yesterdays ?
hum:ind what russian master spy lived in the u.s. under the name emil goldfus ?
loc:other where 's the 19th hole on a golf course ?
desc:reason what 's nature 's purpose for tornadoes ?
hum:ind who played the original charlie 's angels ?
loc:other where can i find a person 's address from a telephone number ?
enty:word what english word comes from the old french covrefeu , meaning cover fire ?
enty:instru what musical instrument did prewitt play in james jones 's from here to eternity ?
loc:other where did sarge steel get his metal hand ?
desc:reason what makes popcorn pop ?
hum:ind who wrote the night of the iguana ?
enty:body where does your hair grow the fastest ?
loc:country what country did king gustav v reign over from 197 to 195 ?
hum:ind who painted mother and child ?
num:speed what is the speed of the mississippi river ?
loc:other in what area of the world was the six day war fought ?
loc:other what is the brightest star visible from earth ?
enty:cremat what film marked robert redford 's directorial debut ?
hum:ind what was mao 's second name ?
enty:cremat what film or films has jude law appeared in ?
loc:other where do hyenas live ?
hum:desc who is the `` queen mother '' ?
enty:lang what 's the most commonly-spoken language in belgium ?
hum:ind who has more dna - a man or a woman ?
desc:def what are maid-rites ?
enty:cremat what children 's tale contains the line : `` come , cinderslut , and hold this skein of wool for me '' ?
hum:gr what level of government or governmental agency is responsible for dealing with racism ?
num:count how many referees work a soccer game ?
enty:food what cocktail do you concoct with whisky and sweet vermouth ?
enty:termeq how do you say `` fresh '' in spanish ?
desc:desc what do bee hives do in cranberry bogs ?
desc:reason what caused the lynmouth floods ?
num:date when is the tulip festival in michigan ?
hum:ind who came up with the name , el nino ?
enty:cremat what movie did madilyn kahn star in with gene wilder ?
enty:other what type of bridge is the golden gate bridge ?
hum:ind what dictator has the nickname `` el maximo '' ?
hum:gr what stereo manufacturer is `` slightly ahead of its time '' ?
loc:city what u.s. city is the queen of the pacific ?
hum:ind what tv sitcom character had the maiden name ethel potter ?
enty:food what was the first lifesaver flavor ?
hum:ind who kept the most famous diary in the english language ?
loc:other where can i find out the top 1 singles ?
num:count how many degrees cooler is the inside of a cucumber than the air outside ?
hum:ind what spanish artist painted crucifixion ?
enty:cremat what is the jewish bible called ?
desc:reason why is the grass green ?
desc:def what is a firewall ?
hum:ind what spy novelist served as moscow correspondent for reuter and the times of london ?
hum:gr which oil company almost picked a word that meant `` stalled car '' in japanese as its new international name ?
num:period how long does it take for spider-man 's web to evaporate ?
hum:ind who was randy steven craft 's lawyer ?
loc:other what was known as the spice island ?
hum:ind who was the first host of person to person ?
hum:ind name the ranger who was always after yogi bear .
enty:other what deck of cards includes the wheel of fortune , the lovers , and death ?
enty:other what does the statue of liberty wear on her feet ?
hum:ind who is the superstar in rent-a-cars ?
loc:city mccarren airport is located in what city ?
enty:other what household facility contains a float ball , ballcock , and overflow tube ?
enty:animal what was the name of betty boop 's dog ?
num:perc what fraction of a beaver 's life is spent swimming ?
enty:substance what was the bridge of san luis rey made of ?
desc:desc what do economists do ?
loc:country what country has the largest sheep population ?
desc:desc what do i need to do to take my dog with me to live in dominica , west indies for a year ?
loc:country what country is the world 's largest importer of cognac ?
num:count how many years is johnnie walker black label aged ?
abbr:exp what does sids stand for ?
enty:other what is grenada 's main commodity export ?
num:money how much would a black-and-white 1-cent stamp be worth , thomas jefferson on it , ?
desc:reason what makes a clitoris sensitive ?
loc:country what country has the most time zones , with 11 ?
enty:other what `` magic '' does mandrake employ ?
hum:ind who is the president of stanford university ?
hum:ind whose first presidential order was : `` let 's get this goddamn thing airborne '' ?
enty:other what was introduced commercially by bayer a.g. of leverkusen , in 1899 ?
loc:city what city is logan airport in ?
desc:def what is a nanometer ?
num:count how many innings are there in a regulation softball game ?
num:date when did cnn go on the air ?
loc:city what is the largest city on the great lakes ?
num:code what is the telephone number for the university of kentucky ?
hum:ind who invented baseball ?
num:count how many wives did brigham young have ?
enty:product what product on the market is good for hiding facial scars ?
num:dist how long is the coney island boardwalk ?
loc:city what city gained renown for its pea-soup fogs ?
desc:def what does `` janelle '' mean ?
desc:manner how do i get another city 's newspaper ?
enty:cremat name a movie about the sioux indians starring kevin costner .
hum:ind who was shot in the back during a poker game in deadwood , the dakota territory ?
desc:desc what are the distinct physical characterstics of the arabian horse ?
enty:dismed what is a fear of thunder ?
enty:animal what animal has killed the most people ?
num:count how many colleges are in wyoming ?
loc:city what russian seaport has a name meaning `` lord of the east '' ?
loc:other where can stocks be traded on-line ?
num:date when was the battle of hastings ?
enty:other what kind of file has the extension .dbf ?
num:date when did muhammad live ?
enty:termeq what then-derogatory term was applied to the painters monet , sisley , pissarro , renoir and degas ?
desc:def what is a wop ?
desc:desc where do rocks come from ?
desc:manner how do i stop background noise in a car stereo ?
loc:mount where do people mountain climb in nepal ?
hum:gr what is the best college in the country ?
desc:def what is viscosity ?
enty:cremat what was the name of the sitcom that alyssa milano starred in with tony danza ?
loc:country what are the nordic nations ?
loc:other where on the internet can i get information about the fifth amendment on the american bill of rights ?
loc:state what u.s. state borders illinois to the north ?
enty:cremat name a film in which jude law acted .
num:temp what is the temperature for baking peachy oat muffins ?
enty:dismed what is a fear of bees ?
enty:cremat what vladimir nabokov novel features professor humbert in love with a 12-year-old girl ?
desc:def what is a green bog ?
loc:other where did the myth of santa claus originate ?
enty:other what does a chairbound basophobic fear ?
loc:city what city is served by logan international airport ?
hum:ind what wrestling star became `` the incredible hulk '' ?
loc:other what attracts tourists to reims ?
enty:sport what game do steve mcqueen and edward g. robinson play in the cincinnati kid ?
enty:other what fastener did whitcomb judson patent in 1893 ?
desc:def what 's an auberge in france ?
hum:ind who was the star of the 1965 broadway hit golden boy ?
loc:other where is procter & gamble based in the u.s. ?
hum:gr what army was founded by william booth and his wife catherine ?
enty:substance what does ribavirin consist of ?
enty:food name the soft drink that is `` number one in the sun . ''
loc:other what is the web address of the list of e-mail addresses of members of the house of representatives ?
hum:ind what was her real name ?
desc:reason why are the ears your center of balance ?
hum:ind who invented the toothbrush ?
enty:cremat what was the name of that popular song the creeps sang ?
loc:other where is the abominable snowman said to wander ?
enty:dismed what is a fear of being alone ?
num:count how many dots make up the symbol for `` because '' ?
enty:food what do you get by adding lactobacillus bulgaricus to milk ?
abbr:exp when reading classified ads , what does eenty : other stand for ?
num:count how many hearts does an octopus have ?
enty:plant what plant has the largest seed ?
loc:country what was the only country you were allowed to drive into israel from in 1979 ?
enty:other what 's approaching when a cyclist shouts : `` oil '' ?
hum:ind what baseball star turned down a $1 , 000-a-year contract because he felt he had n't earned it ?
enty:sport what kind of sport is often associated with hooligans ?
hum:ind what video game hero do some of his fans call chomper ?
num:count how many holes are there in a tenpin bowling ball ?
enty:word what is the longest word in the english language ?
loc:other in what city or state do the most gay men live in ?
hum:ind what tv comediennes 's characters include former movie star nora desmond , secretary mrs. wiggins and a housewife named eunice ?
enty:animal what is `` the bear of beers '' ?
enty:other name the operating system that runs on ibm-compatible machines .
desc:def what does the name `` justin '' mean ?
num:perc what percentage of the body is muscle ?
enty:color what color of dry wine should be served with veal roasts and chops ?
enty:substance what is a golf ball made of ?
desc:def what is the amish religion ?
num:money what does an average daycare provider get paid in new england ?
hum:gr what was the name of the 187s irish terrorist group in pennsylvania mining areas ?
hum:ind who played the ringo kid in the 1939 film stagecoach ?
hum:ind who died 1 feet from where john f. kennedy did ?
desc:def what is the `` coppertop '' battery ?
enty:symbol what sign is the water carrier the zodiacal symbol for ?
enty:animal what animals do you find in the stock market ?
desc:def what is color ?
num:date when is the site www.questions.com going to open ?
enty:cremat what did shostakovich write for rostropovich ?
hum:ind what first name was nipsy russell given at birth ?
desc:manner how can i get some free technical information on electric vehicle ?
hum:ind who is the youngest of the beatles ?
desc:manner how did shipyard inspector james j. kilroy designate equipment as being satisfactory ?
desc:def what is a jellicle cat ?
loc:other where can i find the best free evidence for debate about russia ?
loc:other what is bill gates of microsoft e-mail address ?
enty:substance what is the second hardest substance ?
desc:reason why did several san diego schools stop serving apples to students ?
loc:city what russian city boasts the hermitage museum ?
num:date when is bastille day ?
desc:reason what makes a tornado turn ?
num:count how many shots can a stock m16 hold ?
enty:color what two colors are you blind to if you suffer from protanopia ?
desc:reason why do n't you guys have some sort of contest where you ask a question and whoever finds the answers wins a prize ?
hum:desc who is coronado ?
enty:cremat what was the name of the movie that starred sharon stone and arnold schwarzenegger ?
desc:def what is artificial intelligence ?
enty:food what do flatfish eat ?
hum:ind who was the first holy roman emperor ?
enty:other what can i use to remove the stubborn gummed labels from some diskettes ?
num:date what day of the week sees the most fatal car accidents ?
desc:desc what is the origin of the word , magic ?
enty:sport what sport do you shag flies in ?
desc:def what is white chocolate ?
loc:other where is trinidad ?
hum:gr name the organization that is presided by a security council .
hum:ind who graced the airwaves with such pearls as `` do ya lo-o-ove me ? get naked , baby ! '' ?
enty:food what kind of wine is spumante ?
hum:ind who portrayed portly criminologist carl hyatt on checkmate ?
enty:termeq how do you say i love you in spanish ?
desc:def what does the name gina mean ?
enty:product what is the most advanced handheld calculator in the world ?
num:speed how fast is light ?
enty:termeq what is the belt of low pressure around the equator called ?
desc:def what are shooting stars ?
hum:gr whom did the chicago bulls beat in the 1993 championship ?
num:date when was the first american encyclopedia published ?
loc:other what 's the tallest building in new york city ?
desc:manner how is easter sunday 's date determined ?
desc:desc what is the motto for the state of maryland ?
hum:desc who is desmond tutu ?
loc:other where can i find information on the narragansett indians and other tribes in rhode island ?
enty:animal name a tiger that is extinct .
num:count how many quarters equal a pound ?
enty:cremat what kind of books does fodor 's publish ?
hum:ind what are the first names of rowan and martin , the stars of tv 's laugh-in ?
num:ord what chapter of the bible has the most verses ?
hum:ind who is the worst us president ever ?
hum:ind what asian leader was known as the little brown saint ?
abbr:abb what is the abbreviated expression for the national bureau of investigation ?
num:speed how fast does the fastest car go ?
loc:mount what is the highest mountain in the world ?
loc:other what arch can you see from the place de la concorde ?
hum:ind who sings the song `` drink to me with thine eyes '' by ben johnson ?
num:period how long should a person wash their hands before they are clean ?
loc:other which way do you turn your bic to increase the flame - clockwise or counterclockwise ?
loc:country which is the wealthiest country in the world ?
desc:manner how can i find a phone number of someone if i only know their email address ?
desc:manner how can you contact play producers and promoters on-line ?
hum:ind who is the monarch of the united kingdom ?
enty:dismed what is a fear of passing high objects ?
desc:desc what do players try to do when the music stops in a game of musical chairs ?
hum:ind what are the top ten most common girl names in the us ?
desc:reason why is black the color of mourning in the west ?
enty:other what is the rarest coin ?
enty:cremat what judith rossner novel was made into a film starring diane keaton ?
loc:country which country is australia 's largest export market ?
loc:other where is the kentucky horse park located ?
enty:dismed what is a fear of parasites ?
enty:sport in what olympic games did nadia comaneci become popular ?
hum:ind who does data collection in tourism ?
hum:ind what was the name of the daughter of the virginia chief powhatan that married john rolfe ?
loc:state what is the leading pecan and peanut growing state ?
desc:desc what does a nihilist believe in ?
desc:desc what did richard feynman say upon hearing he would receive the nobel prize in physics ?
enty:sport in what sport are these following numbers relevant : 118 , 126 , 134 , 142 , 15 , 158 , 167 , 177 , and 19 ?
hum:ind who were the four famous founders of united artists ?
enty:cremat what 2 statues did france give to other countries ?
desc:def what are amphibians ?
num:count how many sperm cells are in an average ejaculation ?
enty:product name the disposable razor that `` costs about 19 cents . ''
num:dist how far do you have to run if you hit a home run ?
hum:ind who was the only u.s. president to wear a nazi uniform ?
hum:gr woodrow wilson served as president of what university ?
loc:other where are the tropical rain forest distributions ?
hum:ind what 's the nickname of oddsmaker jimmy snyder ?
enty:dismed what is the fear of being loved ?
num:other what was the number of people that randy steven craft was convicted of killing ?
hum:title what was queen victoria 's title regarding india ?
desc:manner how is a hydrogen bomb different from a nuclear bomb ?
num:dist how far can a man travel in outer space ?
loc:other where was lincoln assassinated ?
enty:food what type of food makes you fat ?
enty:dismed what is the name of the chronic neurological autoimmune disease which attacks the protein sheath that surrounds nerve cells causing a gradual loss of movement in the body ?
num:count what was the u.s. highway death toll in 1969 ?
enty:animal what kind of animals are dorsets , lincolns , oxfords and southdowns ?
enty:cremat what are the shortest and the longest songs ever produced ?
enty:letter what letter is to the right of k on a typewriter keyboard ?
desc:desc what is the origin and the meaning of the name , `` hajo ? ''
enty:word what is the plural of gulf ?
hum:ind whose autobiography is titled yes i can ?
num:date what year did the united states pass the copyright law ?
num:perc what percentage of americans own their homes ?
num:date what 's the first day of the week ?
loc:city what city was president william mckinley shot in ?
loc:city what city has the world 's longest subway system ?
hum:ind who claimed he killed 4 , 280 buffalo as food for the crew building the kansas pacific railway ?
desc:def what is bombay duck ?
num:count how many degrees cooler is the inside of a cucumber than the air outside ?
hum:ind what double talking `` professor '' holds a doctorate in nothing ?
loc:city what are the five most expensive cities in the world ?
hum:ind what 19th-century writer had a country estate on the hudson dubbed sunnyside ?
num:count how many layers of yellow paint is a faber mongol pencil lucky enough to be sprayed with ?
desc:def what is a virtual ip address ?
hum:ind what was the name of the cook on rawhide ?
loc:other what county is chicago in ?
num:dist what is the wingspan of a condor ?
desc:desc what facial feature typically contains about 55 hairs ?
hum:ind who was named admiral of the ocean seas and viceroy and governor general of all the islands he might discover , and also granted 10-?? of all profits of his voyage .
desc:manner how can i transport files from one computer to another ?
enty:termeq what 's the literary term for a play on words ?
enty:color what color were their horses ?
num:money what does an average daycare provider get paid in new england ?
hum:ind what author landed a 468-pound marlin without harness in the early 193 's ?
num:count how many americans fought for the british in the american revolution ?
enty:other what kind of education do i need to become a flight attendant ?
enty:lang what are the two languages of malta ?
num:count how many oceans are there and name them ?
desc:desc what happened during the blackhawk indian war of 1832 ?
num:count how many pairs of legs does a lobster have ?
desc:def what does the latin ante mortem mean ?
desc:def what does the name shawn mean ?
loc:other where is the danube ?
hum:ind what lawyer won the largest divorce settlement , $85 million , in u.s. history for sheika dena al-farri ?
enty:animal what do you call a group of geese ?
hum:ind who delivered his last newscast on march 6 , 1981 ?
num:count how many times has `` louie , louie '' been recorded ?
desc:manner how is answers.com different from knowpost.com ?
loc:other what is the longest place name in the u.s. ?
num:perc what percent liked thatcher after she had been in power for a decade ?
loc:other where does buzz aldrin want to build a permanent , manned space station ?
enty:cremat what was mel gibson 's first movie ?
desc:reason why was the l.a. office of shea and gould closed ?
desc:manner how do i start a bank ?
desc:manner how do ouija boards work ?
enty:animal what horse did zorro ride ?
desc:manner how do you get a broken cork out of a bottle ?
loc:other where can i find correct tabs for third eye blind songs ?
desc:manner how do you determine heating requirements for your home ?
hum:ind what former major-league left-handed baseball pitcher was known as `` space man '' ?
enty:product which hair care product told us `` hate that gray , wash it away '' ?
desc:reason why did the chicken cross the road ?
hum:ind what was michelangelo 's last name ?
hum:desc who is barbara jordan ?
hum:ind who was the democratic nominee in the american presidential election ?
enty:cremat what was connecticut 's first constitution called ?
enty:event what historical event happened in dogtown in 1899 ?
desc:def what is being done about the millennium bug ?
desc:reason what was the claim to fame of king camp gillette ?
enty:dismed what is the most common kind of skin cancer in the u.s. ?
desc:def what is olestra ?
loc:country what asian country has a bill of rights for cows ?
num:count how many fingers are used to draw a bow ?
enty:plant what are two plants that clothes are made from ?
num:date when was hurricane hugo ?
enty:food what is the most heavily caffeinated soft drink ?
hum:ind what president-to-be was the first member of congress to enlist following the attack on pearl harbor ?
num:money what was the price of varian associates ' vacuum products division ?
num:date when was `` the great depression '' ?
enty:lang what language is mostly spoken in brazil ?
hum:gr what college produced the most winning super bowl quarterbacks ?
desc:manner how do you solve `` rubik 's cube '' ?
desc:def what is prepared mustard ?
hum:ind what classical spanish writer warned : `` all that glitters is not gold '' ?
desc:def what does `` antidisestablishmentarianism '' mean ?
hum:ind what actor married john f. kennedy 's sister ?
enty:dismed what does a topophobic actor suffer from ?
hum:ind who fired maria ybarra from her position in san diego council ?
num:period the italian artist , maurizio pellegrin , is how old ?
enty:other what type of hunting are retrievers used for ?
desc:reason what is colin powell best known for ?
hum:ind who was the first black golfer to tee off in the masters ?
loc:city what city is the setting for puccini 's opera la boheme ?
hum:ind what u.s. president showed a fondness for munching on bee pollen bars ?
desc:def what is measured in curies ?
hum:ind whose cover is that of an employee of universal import and export ?
hum:ind what former president 's daughter has written a book titled murder in the white house ?
hum:ind what fictional character is known as the `` melancholy dane '' ?
enty:product italy is the largest producer of what ?
hum:ind what longtime game show host dropped dead while jogging in central park in 1984 ?
desc:def what is the meaning of w.b. yeat 's poem , `` the three hermits ? ''
hum:ind who were the `` filthiest people alive ? ''
enty:dismed what infectious disease is the world 's deadliest ?
desc:def what is spumante ?
num:date in what year did ireland elect its first woman president ?
desc:def what is an isthmus ?
enty:animal what was the name of the orca that died of a fungal infection ?
loc:other where is mozambique located ?
enty:animal what is mississippi 's state animal ?
desc:desc what 's the origin of the word ` news ' ?
enty:other what did dan aykroyd and john belushi quit saturday night live to become ?
num:count how many months does a normal human pregnancy last ?
desc:manner how do fuel injectors work ?
desc:manner how can your school march in the macy 's thanksgiving parade ?
hum:ind what is the real name of disc jockey `` wolfman jack '' ?
enty:veh what italian liner was hijacked in 1985 ?
loc:city what city houses the u.s. headquarters of procter and gamble ?
enty:product what soap was touted as being `` for people who like people '' ?
num:money how much was the minimum wage in 1991 ?
abbr:exp what does nafta stand for ?
hum:ind who invented silly putty ?
hum:gr what new middle school was built in philadelphia , pennsylvania last year ?
hum:ind who patented the first phonograph ?
enty:techmeth what are some tips for building a fire in a fireplace ?
enty:food what do manatees eat ?
enty:termeq how do you say 2 in latin ?
enty:cremat what were popular songs and types of songs in the 1920s ?
num:count how many vietnamese were there in the soviet union ?
enty:other what is november 's birthstone ?
desc:def what is a certified nurse midwife ?
num:count on average , how many miles are there to the moon ?
hum:ind who created private detective philip marlowe ?
enty:cremat what boris pasternak book sold 5 , 0 copies to become the fiction best-seller of 1958 ?
desc:desc what is the origin of the expression `` tout de suite '' ?
enty:word what is the longest english word ?
desc:reason what is the purpose of a car bra ?
desc:reason what is d.b. cooper known for ?
hum:desc who is colin powell ?
enty:animal what species is a colt ?
abbr:exp what is the full name of the plo ?
loc:country what is the smallest country in africa ?
hum:ind who coined the term nn cyberspace `` in his novel nn neuromancer '' ?
enty:event what age followed the bronze age ?
hum:title what is her profession ?
hum:ind what is the full name of the man who invented the multicolored game cube that has 42.3 quintillion potential combinations ?
abbr:exp what does the word laser mean ?
desc:def what does the name `` anthony '' mean ?
hum:ind who was lauren bacall 's first husband ?
desc:def what is a rhomboideus minor ?
num:count how many hands does bjorn borg use when hitting his forehand ?
num:count how many people died on d-day ?
hum:ind what u.s. congressman said : `` keep the faith , baby '' .
hum:ind who created the character of scrooge ?
num:other what is the student population at the university of massachusetts in amherst ?
loc:other where is windsor castle ?
num:date when did the dow first reach ?
desc:reason why were people recruited for the vietnam war ?
hum:gr what party was winston churchill a member of ?
hum:gr what american league baseball team 's worst finish between 1926 and 1964 was fourth ?
loc:other where can i find the names of all the 15 pokemon ?
loc:state what state does martha stewart live in ?
enty:animal which killer whale died at sea world of a fungal infection ?
loc:country what are the benelux countries ?
loc:other where 's the petrified forest ?
enty:lang what is a language spoken by the sioux ?
loc:other where is tornado alley ?
hum:ind who was the author of `` john brown 's body '' ?
hum:ind what american poet wrote : `` good fences make good neighbors '' ?
loc:state what state in the u.s. has the most blacks ?
desc:reason why are electric cars less efficient in the northeast than in california ?
hum:title what was the occupation of mandy rice-davies ?
loc:city what is the city in which maurizio pellegrin lives called ?
hum:ind who painted the sistine chapel ?
hum:ind name the various costumed personas of dr. henry pym .
enty:animal what breed of dog was the `` little rascals '' dog ?
desc:desc what are the living conditions in cuba ?
enty:color what color are school buses ?
loc:other what is the oldest website on the internet ?
enty:event what events happened january 26 , 1978 ?
hum:ind what explorers followed columbus to the americas ?
hum:ind who is actress goldie hawn 's current actor boyfriend ?
hum:ind who banned peter rose from baseball for betting on games ?
desc:def what are the seven virtues ?
enty:termeq what other name were the `` little rascals '' known as ?
num:date when was the san francisco fire ?
enty:dismed what is a fear of food ?
num:count how many casinos are in atlantic city , nj ?
num:date what year did the vietnam war end ?
hum:ind what are the names of richard nixon 's two daughters ?
enty:word what 's the word for broken glass or sharp rocks embedded in cement on top of a wall ?
num:count what is the chromosome number of an elephant ?
hum:gr what organization was founded by the rev. jerry falwell ?
loc:other what 's the longest river in the world ?
enty:food which soft drink does madonna advertise for ?
hum:gr what company is being bought by yahoo and how much is the deal worth ?
num:date when was berlin 's brandenburg gate erected ?
num:count how many double-word-score spaces are there on a scrabble crossword game board ?
num:date what year did germany sign its nonaggression pact with the soviet union ?
loc:mount what mountain range is traversed by the highest railroad in the world ?
desc:reason why were the american soldiers in wwi called `` doughboys ''
hum:ind who was nicknamed the little corporal ?
num:count how many cds has garth brooks sold ?
enty:veh name the vessel used by the atari force in the dc comics .
loc:other where are the leading medical groups specializing in lung diseases ?
desc:manner how can i find online spelling , and punctuation drills for my 6th grader ?
loc:other what 's the sacred river of india ?
loc:country what is stefan edberg 's native country ?
enty:body what is the only gland in humans that can regenerate itself ?
num:count how many gutenberg bibles are there ?
loc:country name the largest country in south america .
enty:event what astronomical phenomenon takes place in jan. 1999 ?
desc:desc what information can you get me on fairground park in st. louis
hum:ind what was american folk hero john chapman 's nickname ?
desc:desc what is the difference between a median and a mean ?
enty:cremat what was the top box office movie in april 1998 ?
desc:reason what makes thunder ?
hum:ind what author did photographer yousuf karsh call `` the shiest man i ever met '' ?
enty:other which is the largest clock , diameter wise , in europe ?
enty:plant what plant is rum made from ?
loc:country what country are godiva chocolates from ?
hum:ind name the poet of the poem which begins : i do not know much about gods ; but i think that the river is a strong brown god-sullen , and untamed ?
enty:food which condiment was once sold as a patent medicine ?
loc:state what u.s. state records the least rainfall ?
desc:reason why did the world enter a global depression in 1929 ?
desc:def what was archy , and mehitabel ?
loc:city what texas city got its name from the spanish for `` yellow '' ?
enty:substance what are the chemicals used in glowsticks ?
loc:country what country did the nile river originate in ?
enty:color what color are tennis balls ?
hum:ind what barroom judge called himself the law west of the pecos ?
desc:desc what excuse did the nato people give for hitting the chinese embassy ?
hum:ind who was president of costa rica in 1994 ?
enty:sport what sports event is meyer wolfsheim supposed to have fixed in the great gatsby ?
loc:country what country has the best defensive position in the board game diplomacy ?
loc:country what two countries share the khyber pass ?
hum:ind who was chairman of the senate select committee that tried to get to the bottom of watergate ?
desc:desc what is the origin of the surname of braun ?
enty:sport what card game has variations called canfield , klondike and spider ?
desc:def what is australia day ?
enty:animal what mammal of north america is the world 's longest-lived for its size ?
desc:def what was the chivington massacre ?
hum:ind what actor starred in 1980 's blue lagoon , 1982 's the pirate movie and 1983 's a night in heaven ?
num:count how many home runs did lou gehrig have during his career ?
loc:city in what city is the headquarters of sinn fein ?
loc:other where can i find information on george bush ?
hum:ind who is the voice of miss piggy ?
enty:termeq what is the dialogue circle in cartoons called ?
desc:def what does the word camaro mean , from the gm car the camaro ?
hum:ind who replaced bert parks as the host of the miss america pageant ?
num:count how many boys play the game in winslow homer 's 1872 painting snap the whip ?
desc:def what is the aim-54c phoenix ?
num:date when are sheep shorn ?
enty:sport what sport is chris jogis a top player of ?
loc:other what 's the second-largest island in the world ?
desc:def what is the definition of low island ?
num:date what century does captain video live in ?
enty:other what types of water pollution are there ?
num:count how many astronauts manned each project mercury flight ?
enty:food what soft drink would provide me with the biggest intake of caffeine ?
enty:other what 's the name of a golf course in myrtle beach ?
enty:event what are some of the significant historical events of the 1990s ?
enty:cremat name the only extant trilogy of classical greek plays .
loc:other where is logan airport ?
desc:desc what is the difference between neoclassical art and romanticism art ?
hum:ind who was the first person inducted into the u.s. swimming hall of fame ?
hum:ind what golfer has been called ohio fats and blobbo ?
hum:ind who murdered leno and rosemary labianca on august 1
num:money what is the average cost for four years of medical school ?
enty:other what does god create in the first sentence of the bible ?
hum:ind which of the following men was not married to rita hayworth ?
num:money what is the current ticket fare from from cairo to barbados ?
abbr:exp what does nn o `` mean when used as a prefix in irish surnames ?
desc:manner how do you find oxidation numbers ?
loc:state what is the state nickname of mississippi ?
desc:reason what is black hills , south dakota most famous for ?
enty:cremat what 1966 boob tube bomb took astronauts back to prehistoric times ?
num:count how many students attend the university of massachusetts ?
hum:ind who said , `` i shall return . '' during world war two ?
enty:event what holidays are celebrated in ireland ?
hum:ind who portrayed etta place , companion to butch cassidey and the sundance kid ?
desc:def what are the greek numerals ?
loc:other what 's the name of the temple that is located near the capital city of laos ?
enty:dismed what is a fear of sleep ?
enty:sport what auto race was wilbur reed the first to win three times ?
enty:animal what are the most common breeding birds in the u.s. ?
enty:event what was organized as a confederate veterans ' social club in pulaski , in tennessee , in 1866 ?
desc:manner how do you look up criminal records on the internet ?
loc:other where is the actress , marion davies , buried ?
desc:desc what is an example of an actual case of using the fourteenth amendment ?
hum:ind who was the charlie perfume woman ?
hum:ind who portrayed `` rosanne rosanna-dana '' on the television show `` saturday night live '' ?
hum:ind what singer became despondent over the death of freddie prinze , quit show business , and then quit the business ?
num:date when did iraqi troops invade kuwait ?
enty:termeq what was mark johnson referring to when he said : `` i still can 't believe it- we beat the russians ? ''
enty:product what car was driven in the 199 release of `` smokey and the bandit '' ?
hum:gr what was the backup singing group for roy rogers ?
hum:ind what famous singing cowboy owns the california angels baseball team ?
enty:cremat what 1915 film was the first to gross $5 million ?
desc:desc where did the term `` 86 '' come from ?
desc:reason what causes someone to be ticklish ?
num:perc what is the probability that at least 2 out of 25 people will have the same birthday ?
num:count how many canadians emmigrate each year ?
desc:reason why did several san diego schools remove apples from students menus ?
enty:instru what musical instrument did sherlock holmes play ?
hum:ind who was gerald ford 's vice president ?
desc:def what is `` the washed vodka '' ?
num:count how many different languages are spoken in europe ?
num:date what year was desmond mpilo tutu awarded the nobel peace prize ?
enty:termeq what 's a `` drinker respirator '' better known as ?
hum:ind who invented batteries ?
desc:reason why do recipe books recommend starting with cold water when you boil something ?
loc:other where can i buy a good snowboard for less than $200 ?
hum:title what title did suzette charles assume for two months in 1984 ?
hum:ind what was the infamous pseudonym of peter sutcliffe ?
enty:animal what is smokey the bear 's middle name ?
hum:title what is nicholas cage 's occupation ?
enty:cremat what british tv series featured emma peel ?
loc:other what london street is the home of british journalism ?
enty:event what tragedy befell the city of dogtown in 1899 ?
desc:def what is the immaculate conception ?
enty:veh what are the names of all the u.s. navy aircraft carriers ?
enty:other what format was vhs 's main competition ?
desc:def what is candlemas day ?
loc:city in what city is the famed st. mark 's square ?
enty:termeq what does the ouarterly review of doublespeak call an `` inoperative statement '' ?
num:money how much did the minimum wage amount to in 1991 ?
loc:other where is tufts university ?
desc:def what is a pyrotechnic display ?
desc:manner how do i find out about jobs ?
hum:gr what japanese manufacturer is known for both its pianos and its motorcycles ?
num:other what is the chemical reactivity of argon ?
num:count how many engines does a boeing 737 have ?
desc:desc what is the origin of the term `` the brooklyn side '' in bowling ?
enty:dismed what is a fear of being cold ?
num:dist how long was mao 's 1930s long march ?
enty:sport what net game sees its women 's world amateur champions receive the uber cup ?
enty:animal what four-legged creature did a cornell university study say would make man 's best companion in space ?
num:weight what does a teaspoon of matter weigh in a black hole ?
enty:other what did british companies stick 175 , 0 tons of tea into in 1982 ?
loc:state what province is edmonton located in ?
desc:manner how can i find out how much income tax is paid on social security income on the 1998 income tax ?
hum:ind who did sonny liston succeed as world heavyweight boxing champion ?
enty:animal what is california 's state bird ?
num:date what is martin luther king jr. 's real birthday ?
hum:gr name the various super-teams to which the angel has belonged .
desc:manner how does zatanna perform her magic in dc comics ?
enty:veh what 's the name of jacques cousteau 's research ship ?
hum:ind what president dispatched a cruiser to carry charles lindbergh home after his epic flight ?
hum:ind whose video is titled shape up with arnold ?
enty:cremat in which kevin costner movie did sioux indians play a role ?
num:count how many james bond novels are there ?
desc:manner how do you get dates with the `` hooters '' girls ?
enty:animal what bird can swim but can 't fly ?
desc:manner how can i get a comic character i made copyrighted and published ?
num:volsize how large is the arctic refuge to preserve unique wildlife and wilderness value on alaska 's north coast ?
desc:def what is plc ?
num:count how much electricity does the brain need to work ?
num:count how many acres in a mile ?
enty:cremat what dickens novel has david carrying the message `` barkis is willin '' to peggy ?
desc:def what is a hyperlink ?
hum:ind who 's the twin brother of the greek goddess artemis ?
desc:desc where did marijuana come from ?
num:money what is the per-capita income of colombia , south america , ?
enty:cremat what novel has big brother watching ?
num:count how many grammys did michael jackson win in 1983 ?
desc:def what does elysium mean ?
loc:other what is the oldest website on the internet ?
desc:def what is shalom ?
enty:sport what was the favorite sport of tom wolfe 's the pump house gang ?
enty:substance what organic fuel do bog-dwellers use a `` slane '' to cut ?
num:period what is the average age of a member of the team that worked on the manhatten project ?
loc:country what country received all the nobel prizes awarded in 1976 ?
desc:manner how do you get rid on woodpeckers ?
num:count how many syllables are there in a line of hendecasyllabic poetry ?
enty:food what soft drink first appeared in the old corner drug store in waco , texas , in 1885 ?
loc:other what is britain 's possession on the chinese mainland ?
hum:ind who was america 's first public enemy no. 1 ?
num:count how many children under 18 are victims of some sort of physical abuse each year ?
desc:desc what is the origin of thank you notes ?
enty:other what did jimmy stewart invent ?
enty:other what generation am i in ?
enty:dismed what is a fear of hell ?
hum:desc who is dear abby ?
hum:ind who lives at 24 sussex drive , ottawa ?
enty:substance what is jell-o made from ?
hum:desc who was monet ?
loc:state what are the only two states that incorporate the confederate battle flag in their flags ?
desc:manner how do you make panoramic sugar eggs for easter - the ones with the scene inside ?
enty:food what 's the southern dish made of pigs ' small intestines ?
loc:other where is guam ?
hum:ind who was the famous door-to-door brush salesman ?
desc:def what is the executor in a will ?
hum:gr what inescapable purveyor of background music celebrated its 5th anniversary in july , 1984 ?
num:count how many people in america snore ?
hum:ind who is always trying to get the rent from andy capp ?
enty:food what soft drink is most heavily caffeinated ?
hum:ind who did jackie kennedy commission to write the death of a president ?
enty:dismed which drug is commonly used to treat aids ?
num:count how many stars are there on the soviet union 's flag ?
desc:desc what is the difference between microprocessors & microcontrollers ?
hum:ind who sought to create the great society ?
loc:other what are tourist attractions in reims ?
num:dist what are the lengths of pearl necklaces ?
hum:ind who said : `` soldiers win the battles and generals get the credit '' ?
desc:desc what is the proof that houseplants metabolize carcinogens ?
desc:reason what prompted the co-pilot of the enola gay to enter only `` my god '' in his log ?
num:period how long does it take the typical hen to lay 19 dozen eggs ?
loc:city what colorado city owns its own glacier ?
desc:desc what is the history of `` the toast '' ?
enty:event what was the name of the protestant revolt against the supremacy of the pope ?
desc:def what is an arab strap ?
num:money how much does it cost , average or whatever is available , to produce and send junk mail catalogues in the us ? , dt cd nn nn ,
hum:ind who is the current un secretary general ?
hum:gr who provides telephone service in orange county , california ?
loc:other where did guinea pigs originate ?
loc:country what two countries ' coastlines border the bay of biscay ?
desc:reason why did egyptians shave their eyebrows ?
hum:gr what organization did mr. waverly assign agents for ?
num:date when was the slinky invented ?
hum:ind what are the characters ' names in the scooby-doo cartoon ?
enty:dismed what is a fear of cold ?
hum:title what was eduard shevardnadze 's job in the soviet union ?
desc:reason what causes rust ?
hum:ind which is the only dick tracy villain to appear three times ?
enty:animal what was the monster in spielberg 's film `` jaws '' ?
enty:color what color is an arctic fox in winter ?
desc:def what do the names neil , mary , and anthony mean ?
loc:city what european capital celebrated its 2 , 000th anniversary in 1951 ?
desc:reason why do people in the upper peninsula of michagin say `` eh ? '' ?
enty:plant what flower did vincent van gogh paint ?
loc:country what country was the setting of you only live twice ?
num:perc what was thatcher 's approval rating after 10 years in power ?
enty:animal winnie the pooh is what kind of animal ?
desc:desc what was the first funk 'n lata , brazilian group , success ?
desc:def what is a handheld pc ?
desc:desc what did john hinckley do to impress jodie foster ?
hum:title what is larry king 's job ?
num:count how many calories are in a tomato ?
loc:state in what state was the first co-educational college established
enty:event what war saw a naval battle between the luxury liners cap trafalgar and the carmania ?
enty:techmeth what is the treatment for depression ?
enty:dismed what is a fear of slime ?
loc:country what country in latin america is the largest one ?
loc:other on which hawaiian island is pearl harbor ?
hum:ind what feathered cartoon characters do yugoslavians know as vlaja , gaja , and raja ?
enty:cremat what marx brothers movie centers on a stolen painting ?
desc:desc what was unusual about alexandra 's appearance in josie and the pussycats ?
desc:desc what is the origin of the word `` mind '' ?
num:date when was dick clark born ?
enty:sport what game is fatal to anybody over 21 ?
num:other what is the death toll of people dying from tuberculosis ?
desc:desc what happened to moon maiden ?
loc:city what city is wiener schnitzel named for ?
desc:def what are the urals ?
desc:manner how can you stop the itch from poison ivy ?
loc:other what desert has the highest sand dunes ?
loc:country what two countries contain sierra nevada mountains ?
desc:manner how do you tell your parents you are dating an older man ?
num:period how long was the tv mission of star trek 's enterprise to be ?
num:code what phone number can i call to have a tree planted ?
num:date when did the `` star-spangled banner '' become the national anthem ?
hum:desc who was lacan ?
enty:techmeth what are the four natural aids used in riding a horse ?
loc:other what continent 's name appears on the upper left corner of a budweiser label ?
hum:ind who was the secretary of war in the civil war during the battle of gettysburg ?
hum:ind who did bobby fischer beat to win the world chess championship ?
desc:manner how do you exterminate bees that are in the walls of your home ? will bee eggs remain over winter ?
loc:other where can i get information and statistics on countries and nations ?
enty:lang name a gaelic language .
num:date what day is august 13 , 1971 ?
loc:other where can i find a list of all the companies in america that offer a direct stock purchase plan ?
desc:manner how do you send a movie transcript to hollywood so that it can be produced into a film ?
enty:cremat what literary classic centers on the search for a treasure in gold worth 7 , 0 pounds ?
desc:desc what is the origin of blue for boys and pink for girls ?
enty:cremat what is the name of the michelangelo painting that shows two hands with fingers touching ?
num:volsize how big is a quart ?
desc:def what is the hub of london ?
enty:cremat jude law acted in which film ?
desc:reason what causes panic attacks ?
desc:def what was the filling in the first golf balls ?
enty:dismed what drug did sigmund freud become fascinated with while experimenting with the treatment of neurasthenia ?
loc:country what country was a terrible beauty to leon uris ?
desc:def what is typhoid fever ?
loc:other where can i buy a hat like the kind jay kay from jamiroquai wears ?
desc:def what are the twin cities ?
enty:cremat what is beethoven 's 9th symphony called ?
hum:ind name the lawyer for randy craft .
enty:food which breakfast cereal brought you `` the best each morning '' ?
abbr:exp what does ms. , miss , and mrs. stand for ?
loc:other what is the homelite inc. home page ?
enty:substance what explosive do you get by mixing charcoal , sulfur and saltpeter ?
loc:other what mountainous region of the world is the lhasa apso dog native to ?
enty:dismed what cancer is commonly associated with aids ?
num:period how long does it take light to reach the earth from the sun ?
hum:ind who lives at 39 stone canyon way ?
num:count how many questions are on this thing ?
hum:ind who played humpty dumpty in the 1933 film alice in wonderland ?
hum:ind who is karenna gore , al gore 's oldest daughter , married to ?
hum:ind who played the title role in i was a teenage werewolf ?
desc:reason why are there olives in martinis ?
num:date in what year did hitler gain power of germany ?
num:date what year did rossetti paint `` beata beatrix '' ?
hum:gr what record company produced the 1978 movie the wiz ?
loc:other where can i find information about touring the philippines ?
enty:other what did the gas house gang play ?
num:count how many square feet is bill gates ' home ?
hum:ind what is the name of actor rex harrison 's son , who starred in a modestly popular tv show during the late 1960's ?
desc:def what is the highest roman numeral ?
enty:other what 's the most popular form of bridge ?
hum:ind who was the inventor of the stove ?
hum:ind what comedian has a legendary reputation for stealing jokes ?
loc:other where can i find information on the cyclone that hit new jersey on 8/28/1941 ?
num:date boxing day is celebrated on what date ?
enty:cremat what are the first ten amendements passed ?
enty:dismed what is another term for the painful wrist syndrome ?
desc:desc what 's the difference between sleet and freezing rain ?
desc:manner how is the new ford econoline van f25 v1 engine ?
hum:ind who was the king who was forced to agree to the magna carta ?
hum:ind who was made the first honorary citizen of the u.s. ?
enty:sport what game is garry kasparov really good at ?
loc:other where was richard nixon when gerald ford became president ?
num:ord where does the u.s. rank among world countries in area ?
enty:cremat what novel did ian fleming introduce james bond in ?
num:perc what was the target rate for m3 growth in 1992 ?
hum:gr what baseball team was routinely called `` dem bums '' by its frustrated fans ?
hum:ind name of scholar on whose literal translations from the chinese and japanese ezra pound depended ?
num:date when did israel begin turning the gaza strip and jericho over to the plo ?
desc:desc what are the major differences in the catholic and methodist religions ?
hum:ind name the on stage character whose face was never seen .
num:count how much energy is released when oxygen and hydrogen mix ?
hum:gr what is the best internet business to go into ?
desc:def what does venus retrograde mean ?
hum:ind who is known as `` the world 's oldest teenager '' ?
loc:other what are the largest breweries in the world ?
desc:def what does las vegas mean ?
desc:def what does the word `` meta '' mean ?
enty:other what keeps clouds in the air ?
enty:termeq what 's the term for any four-sided figure ?
enty:instru ray charles plays which instrument ?
loc:country what country and western singer is known as the silver fox ?
loc:other what building appropriately enough is depicted on the back of the 1-dollar bill ?
desc:def what is graduate school ?
desc:desc what is the difference between new york-style and chicago-style pizza ?
hum:ind what baseball team owner and sailor is known as the mouth of the south ?
enty:sport what type of betting is used in horse racing ?
enty:product what kind of hat does bat masterson wear ?
hum:ind who was with patricia hearst the night she was kidnaped ?
hum:ind what is the viking prince 's first name ?
abbr:exp what does the abbreviation cwt. ?
enty:other in what deodorant commercial did tenants have adjoining medicine cabinets ?
loc:other where is rider college located ?
hum:ind what boxer 's life story is titled raging bull ?
desc:reason for what reason did some san diego schools stop serving apples ?
hum:ind who advised listeners to `` see the u.s.a. in your chevrolet '' ?
loc:other where was the first restaurant ?
loc:other where can i find full written draft of ctbt ?
num:count how many horses died during the civil war ?
num:count how much waste does an average dairy cow produce in a day ?
hum:ind what nobel laureate was expelled from the philippines before the conference on east timor ?
hum:ind what woman has carried the most multiple births , twins , triplets , etc. , ?
num:count how many minutes were there on the original ge college bowl clock ?
num:period what is the average time it takes for a male to ejaculate ?
loc:other what is website of the international court of justice ?
loc:other where are 8 of the 10 highest mountains in the world ?
loc:other where can i look at a perpetual calendar ?
num:count how many astronauts have been on the moon ?
num:date in what year did the bounty mutiny happen ?
enty:substance what is the only substance that gives food its `` taste '' when eaten ?
desc:manner how do you reference a website ?
desc:def what is pandoro ?
abbr:exp what do the letters zip stand for in the phrase `` zip code '' ?
hum:ind which bourbon king was restored to the french throne during napoleon 's abdication ?
loc:city what is one of the cities that the university of minnesota is located in ?
desc:desc what are the words to `` my way '' written by paul anka ?
desc:manner how do i install a tile floor ?
enty:techmeth what is the quickest and easiest way to get nail polish out of clothes ?
desc:reason why was the zipper invented ?
enty:other what 's the no. 1 killer in industrialized countries ?
enty:animal name four famous cartoon cats .
hum:ind what daughter of henry viii and anne boleyn became queen of england ?
desc:manner how did ` stat ' come to be used as an expression for quickly ?
hum:gr what 's the most common nickname of u.s. college football teams ?
desc:desc what 's the distinction of u.s. supreme court justice thurgood marshall ?
loc:other what is the most useful site on the internet ?
loc:mount what is the world 's highest peak ?
desc:def what was a mae west on a world war ii battleship ?
desc:def define cosmology .
hum:ind what comedienne upstaged dwight d. eisenhower 's first inauguration by giving birth to her first child ?
desc:def what are amicable numbers ?
num:date when were the olympic games in which nadia comaneci became popular played ?
loc:other where is hearst castle , built by publisher william randolph hearst ?
loc:city what 's the largest u.s. city on the great lakes ?
hum:ind who sang about desmond and molly jones ?
enty:cremat what magazine gives us the cream , not the skim ?
enty:techmeth what does the technique called `` cold fusion '' produce ?
hum:ind what costume designer decided that michael jackson should only wear one glove ?
enty:other what meter did shakespeare use in writing : `` to be , or not to be , that is the question.. . '' ?
num:count how many rows of sprocket holes does a roll of 35-millimeter film have ?
num:count what is the goat population of the world ?
hum:gr what company was the original sponsor of tv 's superman ?
enty:termeq what term does a czech use to describe a pole ?
loc:other what sea separates naples and algiers ?
num:count how many lawyers are there in the state of new jersey ?
enty:substance what are the most common elements in seawater ?
desc:desc describe the finnish music personality salonen 's appearance .
desc:desc what is the origin of the ethnic category `` caucasian '' ?
desc:def what is a stratocaster ?
enty:other what kind of science is cosmology ?
hum:ind name the blind sculptress in love with the fantastic four 's thing .
enty:substance what 's the second-lightest element ?
enty:termeq what do you call a `` twirl '' in ballet ?
enty:product what is the brand name of daminozide ?
enty:termeq what is the former name of zimbabwe ?
hum:ind what national basketball association superstar told his story in giant steps ?
enty:animal what animals did the amazing three masquerade as ?
desc:manner how did the bikini bathing suite get its name ?
num:date when did fraze get his first patent for the pull-tab can ?
num:count how many games are played in a five-team round-robin tournament ?
hum:ind who developed the first polio vaccine ?
hum:ind who made the first gas engine ?
loc:country what country claimed rubens , van dyck and bruegel as citizens ?
enty:event what civil war was fought between 1936 and 1939 ?
num:count how many questions do you have on your database ?
desc:manner how do clouds form ?
loc:other where can i find examples of legal cases about the individuals with disabilities education act ?
hum:ind what character did tex avery first create upon arriving at mgm ?
num:date when was the triangle shirtwaist fire ?
hum:ind what asian spiritual and political leader was married at the age of 13 ?
loc:other where is ocho rios ?
desc:def what is the half-life of p-32 ?
loc:other what ocean does mauritania border ?
desc:reason why do pressure cookers save time in the kitchen ?
desc:reason why are there 12 people on a jury in criminal cases ?
desc:desc what do christian scientists believe in ?
enty:event what world war i battle saw 6 , 0 troops killed in one day ?
loc:country what country is kosovo a part of ?
loc:city tell me what city the kentucky horse park is near ?
enty:product what computer operating system is on the most computers ?
loc:other what is bill gross 's email address ?
desc:desc what is the economic impact of unemployment on the economy ?
abbr:exp what do the letters d.c. stand for in washington , d.c. ?
enty:animal what animals can live the longest without food ?
hum:ind what english queen had seventeen children ?
num:other what is the approximate population of las vegas , n.m ?
num:money how much does the president get paid ?
hum:ind what two baseball players make up the battery ?
enty:letter what 's the largest letter in salvador dali 's signature ?
enty:termeq what does an irate car owner call iron oxide ?
num:perc of children between the ages of two and eleven , what percentage watch `` the simpsons '' ?
loc:state what 's the northernmost u.s. state apart from alaska ?
loc:other name an art gallery in new york .
hum:ind who sells viagra ?
enty:instru what musical instrument did prewitt play in james jones 's from here to eternity ?
desc:def what is the home rule act ?
loc:other what building are british monarchs crowned in ?
desc:def what are bellworts ?
hum:desc who was darius ?
enty:cremat what movie told of anna anderson 's claim to be a russian czar 's daughter ?
hum:ind who did dita beard work for ?
enty:animal what kind of creature is a coot ?
hum:gr name the university of which woodrow wilson was president .
loc:country what country was first to use the airplane as a weapon of war , against the turks in libya ?
hum:gr what university was woodrow wilson president of ?
enty:dismed what is a fear of disease ?
enty:food what kind of meat is fray bentos synonymous with ?
enty:other what did mr. magoo flog on tv for general electric ?
desc:desc what are the words to the canadian national anthem ?
enty:termeq what is the name of the jewish alphabet ?
hum:ind who served as inspiration for the schoolteacher portrayed by robin williams in `` dead poets society '' ?
num:code what is columbia tristar 's phone number ?
hum:title name the five positions who are in the line of succession to the presidency .
hum:ind which one of the original seven mercury program astronauts did not fly on any of the mercury flights ?
hum:ind who is the best known villain of the 165 gunpowder plot ?
loc:city what is the capital of burkina faso ?
loc:other what continent is bolivia on ?
desc:reason why was muhammad ali stripped of his title and barred from boxing in 1967 ?
hum:ind who killed more people , hitler or stalin ?
desc:reason what caused shea & gould to close their l.a. office ?
enty:animal what 's the only mammal that can 't jump ?
loc:state what u.s. state has the most blondes ?
enty:event what war saw battles at parrot 's beak and black virgin ?
num:count what was the u.s. highway death toll in 1969 ?
desc:def what does the name kelly mean ?
desc:def what is a phalanx ?
hum:ind what mustachioed comedian portrayed frankie in north to alaska ?
num:money what does each of the utilities cost in monopoly ?
hum:ind what actor and world war ii airman had a $5 , 0 bounty put on his head by hermann goering ?
abbr:exp what does e.g. stand for ?
enty:dismed what is the name of the medical condition in which a baby is born without a brain ?
desc:manner how do storms form ?
hum:desc who is nicolo paganini ?
loc:city what city is often called the insurance capital of the world ?
enty:animal what are the three animals in sheila burnford 's the incredible journey ?
hum:ind who portrayed dracula in hammer studios ' films ?
enty:other name one of the seven wonders of the ancient world .
num:date when were fish first believed to be found on earth ?
hum:ind what president 's favorite biblical quotation was : `` come now , and let us reason together '' .
num:count how many elevators do you ride to reach the top floor of the empire state building ?
hum:gr name the food company that traveled to soviet georgia to film a series of ads .
loc:country what country was sir edmund hillary born in ?
enty:animal what 's an infant seal called ?
desc:desc what was the proper laugh-in respones to : `` say goodnight , dick '' ?
loc:city what city was john f. kennedy nominated for president in ?
num:period how long does a dog sleep ?
enty:cremat what 1963 joseph l. mankiewicz film cost $28 million ?
hum:gr what japanese electronics company was named for a coastal city northeast of tokyo ?
num:money what can you be fined for having a dog on a beach ?
loc:other where did the battle of the bulge take place ?
num:count how much will the california be in the year 2000 ?
hum:ind what mystery writer penned `` ...the glory that was greece , and the grandeur that was rome '' ?
loc:state what state full of milk and honey was the destination in the grapes of wrath ?
loc:other what is the tallest building in japan ?
loc:other where is sinn fein 's headquarters ?
enty:food name li 'l abner 's favorite indian drink .
enty:event what are some important events of the 1830 's ?
num:date the iraqis launched their attack on kuwait on what day ?
enty:letter what letter adorns the flag of rwanda ?
enty:other what did 8 , cd nns vbp to vb nnp pos nn .
desc:def what is god ?
loc:country what country 's northernmost city is darwin ?
loc:other what sound does olympia , washington , overlook ?
enty:cremat what tv show chronicled the lives of katy holstrum and congressman glen morley ?
loc:city what kentucky city calls itself the horse center of america ?
num:count how many penny-farthings are there on a trivial pursuit game board ?
enty:substance what 's the most abundant element in the sun ?
loc:country what european country boasts the city of furth , found where the rivers rednitz and pegnitz converge ?
loc:state what u.s. state is dixville notch in ?
loc:other where was the cisalpine republic , 1797-185 , ?
loc:other what is the largest shopping mall in the world ?
hum:ind what is the protagonist 's name in dostoevski 's `` the idiot '' ?
enty:other what penalty space lies between baltic avenue and reading railroad on a monopoly board ?
hum:ind what presidential press secretary dismissed watergate as a third-rate burglary attempt ?
desc:def what is a meerkat ?
hum:desc who was jean nicolet ?
enty:animal what kind of animal was winnie the pooh ?
hum:ind which of these are authors ?
enty:word what 's the international radio code word for the letter b ?
hum:ind who was the original humpty dumpty ?
desc:def what is cache memory ?
enty:termeq aspartame is also known as what ?
loc:other where is the location of the orange bowl ?
num:date when is president nixon 's birthday ?
desc:desc what is the origin of the midwest slang , ` you 're darn tootin ' ?
hum:ind whose cupboard was bare ?
loc:other what are the seven seas ?
abbr:exp what does ibm stand for ?
desc:desc what is the difference between jazz and blues ?
desc:def what is the c programming language ?
hum:ind what 's the name of popeye 's adopted son ?
hum:ind who invented the vacuum cleaner ?
desc:def what is a ` borrow pit ' ?
hum:ind what 2th-century fictional character attends pencey prep school ?
num:count how many people in the usa say their number one source of information is the newspaper ?
hum:ind who does shakespeare 's antonio borrow 3 , 0 ducats from ?
loc:country which country is known as `` big bear '' ?
enty:food what `` melts in your mouth , not in your hands '' .
num:count how many times a day should you take a prescription marked `` q.i.d . '' ?
desc:desc what is the origin of the atom ?
hum:ind who is the voyager project manager ?
hum:gr which radio stations air the jim bohannon radio talk show ?
hum:ind what two commanders directed the forces in the battle of el alamein ?
hum:ind name the creator of `` the muppets '' .
desc:manner how do i e-mail someone at aol.com from yahoo.com ?
hum:ind who replies `` i know '' to princess leia 's confession `` i love you '' in the empire strikes back ?
desc:def what is the meaning of the name ella ?
loc:other what 's the home of the rockettes ?
loc:other where can i find all the information i need to know about the english civil war , 1642-1649 , ?
hum:gr what is the name of the firm that makes spumante ?
enty:sport what sport is played on the largest field ?
hum:ind who won the 1967 academy award for best actor ?
enty:other what is after death ?
hum:ind name the first private citizen to fly in space .
hum:ind what was football star elroy hirsch 's nickname ?
hum:ind what singer sings `` oh boy '' ?
num:count how much pizza do americans eat in a day ?
loc:other what is the website for the usa journal ?
hum:gr what army 's motto is blood and fire ?
enty:other what kind of patent did ermal fraze get in 1963 ?
desc:desc what are you hearing when you put a seashell to your ear ?
desc:reason why are haunted houses popular ?
enty:other which gender has bigger thighs ?
loc:state what u.s. state has the second-longest coastline ?
loc:state what state 's home to the buffalo bill historical center ?
num:speed how fast do cheetahs run ?
enty:other what is ray bradbury 's illustrated man illustrated with ?
num:speed how fast is a 45mhz processor ?
enty:other what kind of puzzle first appeared in the u.s. in the new york world on december 21 , 1913 ?
hum:ind what count did alexandre dumas write about ?
num:perc what are the odds of giving birth to twins ?
loc:other what is the largest natural lake in pennsylvania ?
num:dist how far is london uk from california ?
enty:animal name the two mystical ravens odin has at his command .
enty:animal what was the species of winnie the pooh ?
desc:def what is the virus hiv ?
num:count how many years old is benny carter ?
enty:cremat what hermann hesse book gave its name to a rock group ?
loc:other where does the santa fe trail begin and end ?
enty:cremat what book is the follow-up to future shock ?
enty:animal what african animals are known as the big five ?
enty:letter what is the alphabet for latin ?
enty:dismed what is the fear of frogs ?
loc:city which city in canada is the least-populated ?
num:period how old is stevie wonder ?
hum:ind who was the first taiwanese president ?
hum:ind who is luke skywalker 's father ?
enty:other what does a dipsomaniac crave ?
desc:def what is the definition of the term `` weapons system '' ?
desc:desc what are christopher marlowe 's and shakespeare 's literary contributions to english literature ?
enty:food what is nero wolfe 's favorite drink during office hours ?
hum:gr what is the first personal computer company ?
enty:techmeth what is the most efficient way to start a barbeque ?
hum:desc who was jane goodall ?
desc:reason why are there braille things on the atm machines that people drive through ?
loc:other where is the isle of man ?
enty:cremat what book did aaron hass write ?
num:other what was the death toll at the eruption of mount pinatubo ?
num:date when will the millennium officially begin ?
hum:ind who created the comic strip , `` garfield '' ?
hum:ind which vietnamese terrorist is now a un delegate in doonesbury ?
desc:def what is real time processing ?
loc:other what do we call the imaginary line along the top of the rocky mountains ?
loc:country what country 's capital is lagos ?
loc:other where does ray bradbury 's chronicles take place ?
hum:ind who is the current prime minister and president of russia ?
hum:ind who established a viking colony in greenland about 985 ?
enty:symbol what was the distinguishing mark on the `` little rascals '' dog ?
num:other what is the latitude and longitude of el paso , texas ?
loc:other where can i get information about cystic fibrosis ?
loc:other where did honecker rule ?
desc:def what is the theory of equivalence states ?
enty:other what does a philatelist collect ?
num:period what is the life span of the average monkey ?
num:count how many member states are in the un ?
hum:ind who shot and killed himself while painting wheatfield with crows ?
desc:desc what will happen when sodium is put in water ?
desc:def what 's the meaning of uol ?
hum:ind what future president became senate majority whip under harry truman ?
hum:ind who was the architect of central park ?
enty:product which operating system runs on ibm-compatible machines ?
num:dist what are the dimensions of an ice hockey goal ?
num:date when was cnn 's first broadcast ?
enty:symbol what are the signs of a country going into a recession ?
desc:def what is the circumorbital hematoma ?
loc:country what african country is governed from ouagadougou ?
hum:ind what was the christian name of the title character in our miss brooks ?
hum:ind what hard-of hearing artist painted sunflowers ?
hum:gr who were the yankee 's frequent enemies ?
hum:ind who wrote sons and lovers ?
enty:termeq what is the english translation for the word `` caliente '' ?
enty:techmeth what handicraft requires you to interlace your warp and weft ?
loc:city what french seaport claims to be the home of wines ?
num:period how long does it take sunlight to reach earth ?
num:count how many milliseconds in a second ?
hum:ind what cherokee indian gave his name to a tree ?
num:date when were camcorders introduced in malaysia ?
num:perc what is the chance of conceiving quadruplets ?
hum:ind who was the star of leave it to beaver ?
loc:country what countries have the largest armed forces in the world ?
hum:ind what was william f. cody 's better-known name ?
desc:manner how do i increase my biceps ' size ?
hum:ind who did richard nixon tender his resignation to ?
hum:desc who was thucydides ?
desc:manner how is the element strontium purified ?
hum:ind which of the following rock 'n roll stars has a `` star '' on hollywood boulevard ?
desc:reason what are tonsils for ?
enty:substance what molecules include fluorine , sodium and magnesium ?
enty:sport what was the name of the ball game played by the mayans ?
enty:cremat what was the sequel to the moon 's balloon ?
num:money what is the exchange rate for australian to american money ?
desc:desc what is the origin of the word ` posh ' ?
desc:manner how can anyone tell if a female had sexual intercourse ?
num:count how many states did richard nixon carry in 1972 ?
enty:techmeth what basketball maneuver did bert loomis invent ?
enty:cremat what is a good book to read for people who hate to read ?
num:count how many shillings more than 2 were there in a guinea ?
enty:food what does a tarantula eat ?
enty:color what are the three secondary colors ?
desc:def what does the name `` sabrina '' mean ?
hum:ind who took over as conductor of the boston pops after arthur fiedler 's long reign ?
enty:event what were the trials called which followed world war ii ?
desc:def what is hebephrenia ?
hum:ind what nazi leader killed himself in jail just before he was to be executed as a war criminal ?
enty:event what famous events have happened on march 27 ?
hum:gr which company claimed to be `` the world 's biggest toy store '' ?
num:other what brand number graces the black label of a bottle of jack daniel 's ?
enty:termeq what do i call the sons and daughters of my first cousins ?
desc:reason what were the causes of the civil war ?
desc:def what are maid-rites ?
loc:city what city is terrorized by dracula in the night stalker ?
desc:manner how can you prevent it ?
desc:def what do the names andrew and christina mean ?
enty:food what chocolate bar created by frank mars and his wife is often called a milky way with peanuts ?
hum:ind who is the fastest guitarist ?
enty:other what do camels store in their humps ?
enty:veh what is the name of the second space shuttle ?
loc:other what is the best hospital for orthopedics in the country ?
desc:def what are perfect tenses ?
desc:def what is commonly considered the fifth sense ?
enty:termeq what was another name for east germany ?
enty:cremat what 's the second-biggest-selling magazine in america ?
hum:ind who betrayed norway to the nazis ?
hum:ind who took the toys donated for the doodyville orphans ' fund and kept them for himself ?
desc:def what is a bourdon tube ?
enty:sport what kind of a sports team is the wisconsin badgers ?
hum:ind who were the picts ?
desc:desc what do caroll baker , tammy grimes , debbie reynolds , and judy garland all have in common ?
desc:def what is film noir ?
hum:ind who is stationed at camp swampy in the comic strips ?
num:date in what year did china and the republic of korea establish diplomatic relations ?
desc:reason what causes tuberculosis ?
num:dist how tall is the giraffe ?
hum:ind what actor dressed up as santa claus and had a once-a-year affair with actress shelley winters every christmas for many years ?
enty:animal what animal was the heat-seeking missile called the sidewinder named for ?
num:period how long did it take stanley to find livingstone ?
num:count how much of the nation 's children between the ages of two and eleven watch ` the simpsons ' ?
loc:other what lake is sheboygan on ?
desc:def what are a baseball team 's firemen ?
enty:dismed what is a fear of color ?
enty:veh what nantucket shipwreck killed more divers exploring it than the 52 people it sank with ?
enty:animal what are the two largest birds on earth ?
enty:cremat name the four stories contained in edith wharton 's `` old new york . ''
loc:other what is the largest lake in north america ?
num:count how many people died because of a smoking problem in 1997 ?
enty:dismed what is chronic constipation a symptom of ?
hum:ind who wrote the look of love after viewing ursula andress ?
hum:ind what is the name of the american swimmer who won seven gold medals in the 1972 olympics ?
hum:ind who claims to have the greatest show on earth ?
desc:def what is head start ?
hum:ind what honeymooners actress did television magazine name as 1953 's most promising star ?
desc:reason why can 't women serve in the navy on board submarines ?
enty:other what did the yalta conference lead to ?
enty:animal what dog was dubbed the mortgage lifter ?
desc:def what is saltpeter ?
desc:desc what 's the difference between j.d. and ll.m. ?
hum:gr what kind of organization is ` last chance for animals ' ?
hum:ind what was the role of the medieval guild ?
hum:ind silly putty was invented by whom ?
enty:other what should the oven be set at for baking peachy oat muffins ?
desc:manner how can someone become a federal agent ?
hum:ind who invented the paper clip ?
hum:ind whom did lauren bacall marry after her husband humphrey bogart died ?
num:count how many times in his 16-year national basketball associaton career was john havlicek a member of the all-star team ?
loc:city what city or state do the most gay men live in ?
num:period shea and gould had an office in los angeles for how long before closing it ?
enty:word what word occurs 46 , 227 times in the bible ?
desc:manner how can you be happy ?
desc:manner how would someone go about becoming an organ donor ?
num:date what year did degas create the bronze sculpture , `` fourth position front ? ''
hum:ind what composer was awarded the medal of honor by franklin d. roosevelt ?
num:count how many url extensions are there ? and what are they ?
num:period how long after intercourse does it take to find out if you are pregnant ?
abbr:exp what does u.s.s.r. stand for ?
hum:ind who created the fantastic four , hulk , and thor ?
enty:dismed what is a fear of gravity ?
hum:ind who is the composer of `` canon in d major '' ?
desc:desc what did n't rocky marciano do in his pro boxing career ?
loc:other where are all european and american eels born ?
hum:ind who was the author of the novel `` far from the madding crowd '' ?
desc:def what is the definition of ` graphic details ' ?
enty:product what was `` america 's recessed-filter cigarette '' ?
enty:animal what kind of dog is scooby doo ?
desc:reason what is the function of the appendix ?
hum:ind what department store heir is responsible for raising a three-ton safe from the underwater wreckage of the andrea doria ?
enty:other which sex is twice as likely to contract leprosy ?
loc:city what was the first town to be chartered in vermont ?
loc:state what state has the longest great lakes shoreline ?
loc:state what u.s. state ends with a g ?
num:count how many varieties of twins are there ?
desc:def what is a cartesian diver ?
loc:other what are the largest libraries in the us ?
num:count how many people live in the falklands ?
hum:ind who was camp david named for ?
enty:cremat what document did president andrew johnson want a copy of placed under his head upon his burial ?
hum:ind who portrayed `` the man without a face '' in the movie of the same name ?
desc:desc what happened in dogtown in 1899 to make that year remembered ?
enty:other what wheel did blaise pascal invent in a search for perpetual motion ?
num:money how much money was the minimum wage in 1991 ?
num:date in what year was the first patent for the pull-tab opener on cans obtained ?
loc:country what country boasts the most dams ?
num:money what is the regular price ?
loc:other what metropolis landmark was first introduced in the superman cartoons of the 1940 's ?
loc:other where can one find mozambique ?
desc:manner how do you recognize anorexia ?
enty:cremat what mary tyler moore show regular came into the world as tadeus wladyslaw konopka ?
loc:city in what city is the us declaration of independence located ?
desc:def what is the largest variety of cactus ?
hum:ind who won the first world series ?
enty:cremat what did aaron hass write ?
hum:desc who is samuel pickering ?
hum:gr what was the business of the animated sky hawks ?
hum:ind who was credited with saying : `` i never met a man i did n't like '' ?
enty:other what overalls are named for dungri , a suburb of bombay ?
desc:reason why do rooftops give off steam after a big rainstorm ?
loc:country what nationality was jackson pollock ?
num:count how much of the earth 's surface is permanently frozen ?
enty:other what is the connection between new krypton and daxam ?
num:date when was queen victoria born ?
num:count how many people were executed for abraham lincoln 's assassination ?
desc:desc what must a las vegas blackjack dealer do when he reaches 16 ?
loc:other what is worth seeing in reims ?
enty:other what type of performer is ileana cotrubas ?
num:date when was yemen reunified ?
enty:food what line of candy products included super skrunch and peanut butter oompas ?
desc:reason why did the anglican church split from the vatican ?
hum:gr what organization has a security council ?
desc:manner how would i find the price of different organs that have been donated ?
hum:ind what mexican leader was shot dead in 1923 ?
abbr:exp what does necrosis mean ?
desc:def what is magnetar ?
enty:event what feud ended with a marriage in kentucky on march 21 , 1891 ?
enty:color what color is the stripe along each side of a coho salmon ?
num:money what is the federal minimum wage ?
enty:termeq mississippi is nicknamed what ?
num:other what are the unemployment statistics for the years 1965 and 1990 ?
loc:other where is santa lucia ?
hum:ind what female painter produced primitives of rural new england life ?
hum:ind what are names of two old men who appear in the serial tv muppets show ?
enty:event what war saw battles at parrot 's beak and black virgin ?
desc:desc what should you yell to hail a taxi in madrid ?
num:other what is the horsepower of the shuttle boosters ?
num:date what year did apartheid start ?
hum:ind who created big ben ?
loc:city what city is found in the city of oz ?
desc:desc what ever happened to the once popular yale lock company ?
hum:gr name the marvel team loosely based on dc 's justice league of america ?
enty:other what did a 16th-century aztec athlete get for putting a rubber ball through a ring ?
loc:state what populous state covers 49 , 576 square miles ?
hum:gr what college football team did knute rockne build into a power ?
loc:state in what state was there an 11 million gallon oil spill ?
num:date when did aldous huxley write , `` brave new world '' ?
loc:country what country did the ancient romans refer to as hibernia ?
hum:gr in what high-risk business venture did jimmy the greek bet and lose ?
enty:food what do chefs call the master spice ?
abbr:abb what is the abbreviation of general motors ?
desc:def what is a devo hat ?
num:period how long was the longest hiccup attack ?
enty:other what kind of weapons were used in medieval warfare ?
num:count how many people live in tokyo ?
hum:ind what fruit-topped actress was known as the brazilian bombshell ?
enty:animal what are birds descendents of ?
hum:gr when the tutankhamun exhibit was on display in the u.s. , what moving company transported it ?
enty:cremat which kevin costner movie involves the sioux indians ?
hum:ind who played the title role in my favorite martian ?
desc:manner how does a scientific calculator work ?
enty:dismed what is a fear of fur ?
hum:ind who invented the game scrabble ?
enty:other what part of their attire were `` pothooks '' to cowboys of the old west ?
num:date when did humans first begin to write history seriously ?
desc:reason why do we have to go to school ?
desc:def what is toulmin logic ?
enty:other a corgi is a kind of what ?
loc:city what city in the u.s. experienced the most growth recently ?
desc:def what is a dangling participle ?
loc:other what tokyo street glitters with famed department stores and nightclubs ?
num:period what was the average life expectancy during the stone age ?
hum:ind when mighty mouse was conceived , what was his original name ?
desc:desc what is the origin of the peace symbol ?
hum:gr what group starred in the movie rock around the clock ?
num:count how many u.s. presidents were assassinated during queen victoria 's reign ?
num:date when was the first flush toilet invented ?
hum:ind what is nathan hamill 's role in the new star wars prequel ?
num:count how many disks does each player have in a four-handed game of crokinole ?
num:period how old is the sun ?
num:perc what percentage of children between the ages of two and eleven watch ` the simpsons ' ?
desc:manner how can i find a list of , fax and or email , addresses for human resource departments in massachusetts ?
desc:manner how do i write to my congressman ?
num:count how many years ago did led zeppelin release its last album ?
enty:termeq what is the term for a group of geese ?
num:count how many people was randy craft convicted of killing ?
enty:event what was the name of the famous battle between texas and mexico ?
loc:country what country are you in if you woo in the wu dialect ?
enty:termeq what do you call a poker hand with five cards of the same suit ?
hum:ind what new york yankee was known as the iron horse ?
hum:ind who is considered the first lady of the american stage ?
hum:ind who penned : `` neither a borrower nor a lender be '' ?
desc:def what is moxie ?
enty:cremat what was the first sam spade novel ?
enty:cremat what song did patti page set people dancing to in 1950 ?
hum:ind who headed hitler 's infamous gestapo ?
loc:city what south american city features the exclusive copacabana beach and ipanema ?
loc:city what german city do italians call the monaco of bavaria ?
loc:other what island group contains jersey , guernsey , sark and herm ?
enty:dismed what is a fear of strong light ?
hum:ind what is a person called that likes fire ?
loc:other where was helium first discovered , hence its name ?
enty:techmeth what is the best way to overcome a fear ?
hum:gr name a south african diamond producer ?
hum:ind who made the musical plea be true to your school ?
hum:ind what french designer declared : `` the jean is the destructor ! it is a dictator ! it is destroying creativity. the jean must be stopped ! '' ?
num:date what season is the setting for shakespeare 's midsummer night 's dream ?
hum:gr name a band which was famous in the 1960 's .
hum:ind what comedian was banned from the ed sullivan show for allegedly making an obscene gesture at the show 's host ?
loc:country what country is the setting for edgar allan poe 's the pit and the pendulum ?
hum:ind what apollo 11 astronaut minded the store while armstrong and aldrin made history ?
num:money what is the current ticket fare from from cairo to barbados ?
loc:mount what is the second highest mountain peak in the world ?
hum:ind what good little witch is casper 's girlfriend ?
enty:cremat in which tennessee williams play is one of the characters killed and devoured by a mob of starving children ?
hum:ind what was the nickname of frederick i , holy roman emperor and king of germany ?
enty:event what war did the potsdam conference follow ?
enty:dismed what 's the most common non-contagious disease in the world ?
num:date what month , date , and year did charles i die ?
num:count how many cubic feet of space does a gallon of water occupy ?
desc:def what is the hair style called that new military recruits receive ?
loc:other what 's the world 's largest cathedral ?
desc:desc what effects do nitrates have on the environment ?
desc:def what is nitrox diving ?
loc:country what three european countries begin with the letter a ?
desc:desc what happened in the long march ?
enty:event what was the name of hitler 's unsuccessful attempt to overthrow the bavarian government in munich in 1923 ?
desc:manner how can i find online spelling ?
num:count how many earthworms are in a single pasture ?
hum:ind who made stonehenge ?
num:other what is the average hourly rate of american workers ?
enty:sport what sport features snatches and clean jerks ?
hum:ind who 's the founder and editor of the national review ?
num:date in what year did they build the berlin wall ?
hum:ind who was the first governor of west virginia ?
loc:other what 's the world 's longest suspension bridge ?
loc:city what asian city boasts the world 's biggest bowling alley ?
num:date when will jean aeul publish her next book ?
hum:ind what famous soldier was born in europe , died in asia , and was laid to rest in africa ?
enty:food when it 's time to relax , what one beer stands clear ?
hum:gr what culture developed the idea of potlatch ?
hum:gr what baseball team became the minnesota twins ?
enty:instru what kind of guitar did jimi hendrix play ?
loc:city what were the first three cities to have a population of more than a million ?
loc:other what constellation contains the twins castor and pollux ?
num:count how many meters are in a mile ?
desc:def what is a gas release event ?
enty:cremat what james michener book is subtitled spanish travels and reflections ?
loc:other what famed london criminal court was once a feudal castle ?
num:count how many milligrams are in a gram ?
enty:other what stringed weapon fires a bolt ?
loc:other where did he get the title ?
loc:other where can i find a large list of 5 to 6 letter words ?
hum:ind what is michael jackson 's middle name ?
hum:ind who was the first woman to fly solo across the atlantic ?
num:period how long is human gestation ?
desc:def what does `` semper fidelis '' mean ?
enty:product what kind of suit did true hepcats wear in 1942 ?
loc:other where does mother angelica live ?
desc:manner how can i find out my moon sign ?
desc:reason why does a candle need a wick ?
enty:instru musician ray charles plays what instrument ?
desc:desc what were the three prophecies the witches make to macbeth ?
num:other what 's the population of mississippi ?
hum:ind who started the dominos pizza chain ?
enty:cremat in what film did steven spielberg 's dog star as the main character 's dog ?
enty:dismed what are all the different kinds of contraceptives ?
num:period how old is jeremy piven ?
desc:desc what is the history of yo-yos ?
hum:ind which nba players had jersey number 0 ?
hum:gr what chocolate company gives you a one-pound kiss ?
desc:manner how does one correctly pronounce ` qigong ' ?
enty:other what fossilizes to form coprolite ?
num:count how many colored squares are there on a rubik 's cube ?
loc:other where is the mayo clinic ?
loc:other what caribbean island is sometimes called little england ?
loc:other where is amsterdam ?
loc:other where can i find the lyrics for the song ` getting married today ' from the musical ` company ' ?
enty:word what 's another word that means `` knows all '' ?
hum:ind who is the famous movie star who also acted as sewer commissioner of provo canyon , utah ?
loc:city what australian city became the home of the america 's cup ?
enty:termeq aspartame is known by what other name ?
desc:def what is pasta ?
hum:ind name randy craft 's lawyer .
enty:color what color is `` ash '' ?
hum:gr what is the best distance education university or college ?
loc:other what river does the grand coulee dam dam ?
num:other how often are quadruplets born ?
desc:manner how does psorisis disappear ?
num:count how many presidents have died on the 4th of july ?
enty:color what three colors are on the french flag ?
desc:desc what 's the mystery of the bermuda triangle ?
enty:other what are the seven wonders of the world ?
abbr:exp what does cnn stand for ?
hum:ind what is a person called that likes fire ?
hum:ind who portrayed vincent van gogh in lust for life ?
enty:other what constitutes an adult ?
loc:other what is a reliable site that i can download heretic 2 ?
desc:def what is a neurosurgeon ?
enty:sport what baseball outcome required nine balls in 1879 , eight balls in 1880 and seven balls in 1881 ?
desc:def what are amaretto biscuits ?
enty:dismed what common ailment can 't you catch at the north pole ?
num:date what season begins with the vernal equinox ?
hum:ind who was known as the time master in comic books ?
enty:animal what was the name of roy rogers 's dog ?
enty:cremat what tv series changed the names to protect the innocent ?
loc:other where did cable cars first roll down clay street in 1873 ?
loc:other what is george lucas 's e-mail address ?
desc:manner how do i give a good massage ?
hum:ind who is the father of the computer ?
desc:desc what is the origin of `` jiggy '' as in getting jiggy with it ?
desc:desc what is the origin of a.m. and p.m. ?
desc:def what is the definition of cosmology ?
enty:animal what is the name of the dog on the cracker jack box ?
desc:def what are manifest and latent function theories ?
enty:cremat what william styron book is about a black preacher who leads a slave revolt ?
enty:symbol what is the chemical symbol for nitrogen ?
hum:ind who said : `` old soldiers never die ; they just fade away '' ?
hum:gr what national league baseball team employed 72 third baseemen in its first 2 seasons ?
desc:def what are snowballs to a hot-rodder ?
num:dist how long were tyrannosaurus rex 's teeth ?
desc:desc what is the origin of the word ozymandias ?
hum:ind who 's the only man to have won the olympic decathlon twice ?
loc:city what kenyan city is the safari center for east africa ?
desc:reason why do men snore ?
desc:reason what causes `` rolling thunder '' ?
hum:ind what is the name of miss india 1994 ?
loc:state what four u.s. states have active volcanoes ?
desc:desc what 's the setting of john le carre 's a small town in germany ?
desc:desc what does an echidna look like ?
desc:desc what is the secret of the universe ?
hum:ind who was the second man to walk on the moon ?
hum:ind what major victorian novelist spent as much time working for the post office as he did writing ?
desc:reason what caused an adjournment of the 25th anniversary session of the united nations general assembly ?
hum:gr the major league baseball team in pittsburgh is called what ?
enty:termeq what is the name of the islamic counterpart to the red cross ?
num:date what year were the olympic games played in where nadia comaneci became popular ?
enty:substance what is glass made of ?
desc:manner how did lee harvey oswald purchase his rifle ?
desc:manner how do i sing like elvis presley ?
loc:other what are the biggest indian airports ?
enty:cremat what is the folklore story regarding birds ' nests and birds in christmas trees ?
loc:other what are the world 's three largest oceans , in order of size ?
hum:ind who is the pope ?
loc:other where on the internet can i find information on laundry detergent ?
enty:termeq what do the french call la manche ?
enty:techmeth what 's an easy way to count the approximate number of fish in a lake ?
desc:manner how do you clean up a cache ?
enty:veh what was the name of aristotle onassis 's yacht ?
enty:dismed what is a fear of being dirty ?
enty:animal what animal occurs in spielberg 's `` jaws '' ?
desc:def what 's the red planet ?
num:count the shea & gould law firm had an office in l.a. for how many years ?
hum:ind what 's the most common surname in america ?
num:period how long does it take the typical american to eat 23 quarts of ice cream ?
desc:desc what is the difference between a fruit and a vegetable ?
enty:plant what kind of tree graces lebanon 's flag ?
desc:def what is tumbled marble ?
enty:techmeth what are the various ways in which one can measure it user satisfaction level ?
loc:city what city is sometimes called the athens of switzerland ?
loc:other where did bocci originate ?
desc:manner how does light travel through the void of space if there is no medium for it to ` wave ' or ` pulse ' .
desc:def what are the valdez principles ?
desc:manner how can i easily remove red wine stains from t-shirts ?
desc:manner how do you write mla style bibliographies for an internet source ?
hum:desc who is imam hussain ben ali whom shia people believe in ?
desc:desc what is the origin of the word assassinate ?
loc:other where can i find information about bob barr , representative from georgia ?
num:other what is the frequency of vhf ?
desc:desc what are the arabic numerals from 1 to 10 ?
enty:other what does the policeman become in the canadian edition of monopoly ?
num:count how many electoral votes does it take to win presidency ?
desc:def what is digitalis ?
enty:plant what kind of flowers does detective nero wolfe raise ?
enty:substance what was paper made of in the late 16th century ?
hum:desc who was william henry harrison ?
desc:desc what was the outcome of the 1945 yalta conference ?
desc:def what is `` flintknapping '' ?
enty:color what 's the most popular contact lens color ?
loc:city what were the cities of dickens 's a tale of two cities ?
desc:reason what causes canker sores in the mouth ?
num:date in what year was the movie the ten commandments released ?
enty:animal what is the fastest fish in the world ?
enty:color what color are the castellated walls of the kremlin ?
enty:event what is celebrated during the week of february 21-27 ?
enty:other what is damage to business and government caused by bureaucracy ?
loc:country what countries have the best math students ?
num:date when was the de beers company founded ?
enty:cremat what was a california prayer book to an old west gambler ?
hum:ind who was the first black performer to have his own network tv show ?
enty:termeq what 's another name for aspartame ?
desc:desc what did john f. kennedy consider his greatest blunder in office ?
abbr:abb what 's the abbreviation for trinitrotoluene ?
enty:animal what creature is the absolute fastest in moving in the world , birds , mammals , etc. , ?
num:date what is the date of bastille day ?
abbr:exp what is ioc an abbreviation of ?
desc:reason what 's the proud claim to fame of the young women who formed kappa alpha theta ?
enty:product which two products use a tiger as their symbol ?
loc:other where did freidreich wilhelm ludwig leichhardt , prussian born explorer , go to school ?
enty:color what color eyes are most sensitive to light ?
num:count how much folic acid should an expectant mother get daily ?
hum:gr what company uses the unfamiliar faces of its celebrity spokespeople to promote the use of its product ?
enty:dismed what disease does katharine hepburn have that makes her voice shake ?
desc:desc what did fcc chairman newton minow declare tv to be on may 9 , 1961 ?
num:count how much caffeine is in a 16 oz cup of coffee ?
enty:termeq what is the name of the art of growing miniature trees ?
loc:country what two countries in south america are landlocked ?
desc:def what does tiffany mean ?
desc:reason why do magnets attract ?
desc:manner how do you address a chinese person ?
desc:def what is the meaning of thalassemia ?
num:code what is columbia tristar 's phone number ?
desc:manner how do i impress a guy ?
enty:techmeth what does the method called `` cold fusion '' create ?
num:date when did princess diana and prince charles get married ?
enty:other what determines the value of the pearl ?
loc:country which country did hitler rule ?
enty:veh what was the name of the american ship sunk by a mine in havana harbor , causing the spanish-american war ?
hum:ind who directed the wild bunch ?
enty:other what are emblazoned on the jolly roger ?
loc:city the orange bowl is in what city ?
desc:def what are the alveoli ?
hum:ind what comedian was born allen stewart konigsberg ?
num:count how many leos have been pope ?
loc:state what state was herbert hoover born in ?
enty:cremat what tv series featured neal , a martini-drinking st. bernard ?
enty:other what developed a crack in 1835 while tolling the death of u.s. chief justice john marshall ?
num:count how many fiddlers did old king cole have ?
hum:ind what poet wrote : `` ... i have promises to keep , and miles to go before i sleep '' ?
desc:def what is ethylene ?
enty:cremat what irwin allen bomb has richard widmark saying he 'll be `` the first officer in history to get his butt kicked by a mess of bugs ! '' ?
enty:dismed what is a fear of clouds ?
enty:cremat what is the music used in the new vw beetle commercial where the car spins and changes colors ?
enty:dismed what is a fear of pregnancy ?
num:count what is the population in india ?
desc:desc what is the origin of the word `` pallbearer ? ''
num:period how long do flies live ?
desc:reason why is microsoft 's windows 3 software so successful ?
hum:ind who runs andy capp 's favorite pub ?
loc:state what state produces the best lobster to eat ?
num:count how many times a day does the typical person go to the bathroom ?
enty:sport what bowl game began as an east-west contest between michigan and stanford in 192 ?
loc:other what islands got their name from the spanish baja mar , meaning shallow water ?
desc:def what is deadrise , nautical , ?
enty:lang what 's the official language of algeria ?
enty:other what took first prize in omni magazine 's contest to find the `` ultimate unanswerable question '' ?
enty:word what six words follow the line : `` from a jack to a king.. . '' ?
desc:manner how do i find a city if i have the area code ?
hum:ind what author of the days of our lives cookbook signed on in 198 as liz chandler in tv 's days of our lives ?
enty:food what foods contain the most protein ?
hum:ind what president was assassinated by charles j. guiteau ?
hum:ind what comic of tv 's golden age went by the motto `` anything for a laugh '' ?
num:count how many feet long is a baseball pitcher 's rubber ?
loc:country what was the nationality of jackson pollock ?
hum:ind who invented the game bowling ?
enty:animal what are the snakes of new england ?
num:count how many times larger than life size is the statue of liberty ?
loc:country what is the name of the country which hitler ruled ?
hum:gr what group kidnaped patricia hearst ?
num:period how long does a human live ?
loc:other where can i get u.s. economic statistics ?
num:count how many superbowls have the ers won ?
desc:desc what do you do when your mouse is n't working as fast as it 's supposed to ?
desc:def what is a gandy dancer ?
hum:ind who is the creator of `` the muppets '' ?
hum:ind which of the following celebrities started his show-biz career as a disc jockey ?
enty:animal what triple crown-winning horse took the 1973 belmont stakes by 31 lengths ?
num:other what 's a perfect score in a gymnastics exercise ?
enty:termeq what is the dot on an the letter i called ?
loc:city what 's the capital of iowa ?
hum:ind who asked you to do the loco-motion with her in 1962 ?
desc:def what 's the rathaus in frankfurt ?
hum:ind what president served for five years , six months and 2 days ?
enty:termeq what do you call the feeling of having experienced something before ?
desc:reason what incident caused the canning of a summit conference between eisenhower and khrushchev ?
abbr:abb what is the abbreviated form of the national bureau of investigation ?
enty:dismed what is a fear of odors , body , ?
enty:techmeth what is the formula to calculate pi ?
desc:desc what is the difference between a bachelor and a 1 bedroom apartment ?
hum:ind what is drew barrymore 's middle name ?
desc:manner how do you write a book report ?
desc:def what are cobol , fortran , and pascal ?
hum:ind what is supergirl 's secret identity ?
loc:other what is the us federal government website for standard industrial classification codes , sic , ?
hum:gr what court does bob woodward describe in the brethren ?
hum:ind who made the first surfboard ?
hum:ind what is the name of the police officer who tried to keep order in top cat 's neighborhood ?
num:date on what date did rosa parks become a symbol of the civil rights movement for refusing to give up her seat on the bus ?
num:perc what are the highest-paying odds on a roulette table ?
num:date in what year did the us marine corps adopt the motto `` semper fidelis '' ?
num:count how many films did ingmar bergman make ?
enty:other what does a deltiologist collect ?
desc:reason what is garry kasparov famous for ?
abbr:exp what does the `` c '' stand for in the equation e=mc2 ?
hum:ind who is the greek god of the sea ?
hum:ind what well-known music personality is the father of an adopted son named hans christian henderson ?
desc:manner how do you measure the heat of the sun ?
desc:reason why do some people have two different color eyes ?
enty:body which leg does a cat move with its left front leg when walking - its left rear or right rear leg ?
num:date when was the first barbie produced ?
enty:substance what 's the hardest substance in the human body ?
hum:ind who was the first woman governor of wyoming ?
num:count how many more weeks of winter are there if a ground hog sees his shadow ?
hum:ind what green bay packers coach philosophized : `` there 's nothing that stokes the fire like hate '' ?
desc:manner how do birds find their way back to the same place every year ?
loc:other where is the henry ford museum ?
enty:cremat name a film that has won the golden bear in the berlin film festival ?
enty:termeq what 's the international lawn tennis challenge trophy usually called ?
num:date what year did nylon stockings first go on sale ?
enty:sport what is a research expedition in mountain climbing ?
enty:veh on which flight did fawaz younis commit air piracy and hostage taking ?
loc:city what are the 10 largest cities in the us ?
desc:def what is a wart ?
desc:def what is spaceball played on ?
desc:manner how does rabies spread ?
hum:ind what famous comedian recently tried without success to revive the play ?
loc:other what is drew barrymore 's email address ?
desc:manner how can you tell if someone is lying ?
desc:desc what is the difference between a preface and a foreword ?
enty:substance what are fingernails made of ?
loc:country what nationality were the 123 people who died in the black hole of calcutta ?
desc:def what does storm wave mean in japanese ?
desc:reason why do they sterilize the needle for lethal injection ?
hum:ind what tv family sometimes buys eclairs from nelson 's bakery ?
desc:manner how can you get rust stains out of clothing ?
desc:manner how does a small businessman contact the good humor ice cream company to do business with them ?
hum:ind what enigmatic u.s. vice president was once tried and acquitted for treason in a plot to set up his own independent empire in the west ?
hum:ind who was charles lindbergh 's wife ?
hum:ind who sings angel eyes from the 80 's ?
num:date when did the jurassic period end ?
enty:other what is the one thing you need before you can purchase life insurance ?
desc:reason what caused the titanic to sink ?
desc:def what is the chemiosmotic theory ?
hum:desc what information can you tell me about actor james cromwell ?
desc:manner how does an ion drive work ?
desc:manner how can i trace my family roots ?
num:date what was the date of iraq 's invasion of kuwait ?
enty:word what is another word for diet ?
desc:def what is a courier ?
enty:cremat what sinatra hit did he dooby dooby do in ?
desc:manner how do you get a girl to have sex with you ?
enty:other what award is the `` oscar '' of advertising ?
loc:other what is the name of the planet that the ewoks live on ?
enty:food what ice creams contain seaweed ?
hum:ind what dumb-but-loveable character did maurice gosfield play on the phil silvers show ?
abbr:exp what is a `` usb '' port on a computer ?
enty:termeq what term means a sexual attraction between a male and a female ?
hum:gr what was called the world 's largest department store ?
loc:other what sea surrounds the cayman islands ?
num:count how many different vegetation zones are there ?
abbr:exp what does lol mean ?
loc:other what ocean was amelia earhart flying over when she disappeared ?
enty:cremat what book does holden caulfield appear in ?
desc:desc what happens when lightning strikes a body of water ?
hum:ind what was the nickname of german flying ace manfred von richthofen ?
desc:def what does e=mc2 mean ?
loc:country what country other than germany invaded poland in september 1939 ?
desc:manner how do i contact answers.com ?
enty:body what are the names of the different toes ?
enty:product what are different products of petroleum ?
desc:reason what causes asthma ?
num:date when was the bill of rights ratified ?
desc:def what do the number 1 , 2 , and 4 mean on dr. pepper bottles ?
loc:state what is the largest u.s. state east of the mississippi ?
desc:manner how can i find out how much it costs to raise a baby for six months ?
num:other what 's the population of biloxi , mississippi ?
enty:letter what vowel do all esperanto nouns end in ?
desc:def what is a heuristic ?
loc:other what california desert is dubbed high desert ?
enty:animal in the miller lite tv commercial , who is the creature ?
hum:ind who wrote ` hamlet ' ?
desc:manner how did the jack-o '-lantern get it 's name ?
desc:reason why can 't ostriches fly ?
loc:other where do the blackhawks maintain their operations ?
desc:reason why are the rooftops in canada green ?
loc:country what african country was founded by freed american slaves in 1847 ?
num:date what year did the first issue of `` playboy '' come out ?
loc:city the orange bowl is located in what city ?
enty:dismed what is a fear of motion ?
hum:ind what pseudonym did william sydney porter use in writing the gift of the magi ?
enty:dismed what is a fear of glass ?
desc:desc in waugh 's `` a handful of dust , '' what does the mad old man force the hero to do every afternoon ?
hum:ind what is the last name of lucy and linus from the peanut 's comic strip ?
hum:ind what cheery fellow got the zip code 9971 from the u.s. postal service in 1963 ?
num:count how many layers does a bottle of yoo-hoo settle into ?
hum:gr name pittsburgh 's baseball team .
loc:other what 's the nearest star to earth ?
loc:other where is inoco based ?
enty:termeq what does el nino mean in spanish ?
desc:desc what does choo choo charlie say ?
desc:manner how do i register a trade name in north carolina ?
num:count what was the number of assassinations and attempts to assassinate in the u.s. since 1865 ?
num:count how many stations do you shoot from in the basketball game `` around the world '' ?
desc:def what is a jake brake ?
enty:symbol what sign is the best love match for a horoscope sign ?
hum:ind who was the russian ambassador to hungary during the 1956 uprising ?
hum:ind who holds the nfl record for most touchdowns in a season ?
enty:other what cards are bullets ?
num:period what is the average age a horse lives ?
loc:other what planet would you visit to see bebrenia , arcadia , and amazonis ?
enty:lang which language has the most words ?
loc:other where is natick ?
enty:cremat what j.r.r. tolkien book features gimli as a central character ?
enty:product what brand of white rum is still made in cuba ?
hum:desc who is shirley maclaine ?
hum:gr what business exports the sparkling wine spumante ?
enty:dismed what is a fear of water ?
desc:def what does the number 33 on the rolling rock beer bottle mean ?
desc:desc what is the origin of the city `` corpus christi '' ?
hum:ind who wrote ` the pines of rome ' ?
loc:other where is the valley of the kings ?
hum:gr what was the first u.s.-based team in the nhl ?
loc:other where did the sport of caber-tossing originate ?
hum:ind who played for the chicago bears , houston oilers and oakland raiders in a 26-year pro football career ?
loc:other where are the union stockyards ?
loc:other where does the weird shape of the dinner fish knife originate from ?
num:count how many children does ray davies of the kinks have ?
num:count how many years did shea & gould practice law in los angeles ?
enty:other what did walter huston remove to perform in the movie the treasure of the sierra madre ?
num:count how much salt is in the oceans ?
hum:ind who leads the star ship enterprise in star trek ?
enty:animal what animals acted as lapwarmers for american colonists in church ?
hum:ind who won world war ii ?
desc:desc where does `` bovine '' come from ?
loc:other where does the u.s. get most of its energy ?
loc:country what country , after canada and mexico , is closest to the u.s. ?
enty:body what is the weakest bone in the body ?
desc:def what is dew point ?
hum:ind who was garrett morgan married to ?
hum:ind what was the name of darth vader 's son ?
num:count how many stars are there in big dipper ?
desc:manner how do you become a dentist ?
hum:desc who is ishmael in moby dick ?
num:count how many wings does a flea have ?
loc:country what country has been called the queen of the antilles ?
loc:other where can i find a website that gives comparisons of good prices ?
num:other what is the population of mozambique ?
desc:def what is multimedia ?
loc:state what state has the most indians ?
desc:desc what is the difference between terry cloth and french terry ?
num:dist how long is camptown racetrack ?
hum:ind name the two blob members of the animated herculoids .
loc:other where did luther display his `` ninety-five theses '' ?
desc:def what are `` inkhorn terms '' ?
desc:desc what is the difference between pop music and rock and roll ?
loc:other what river is pocahontas buried along ?
desc:def what does hazmat stand for ?
desc:def what is `` bloodhound '' ?
num:count how many miles is it from london , england to plymouth , england ?
enty:animal what was paul bunyan 's ox 's name ?
enty:other what trophy is awarded to the winners of the super bowl ?
loc:other where is dartmouth college ?
hum:ind what well-known tv talk show host was a lay preacher by the time he was seventeen ?
desc:desc what are the environmental influences on plant genetics ?
hum:ind what one of the backstreet boys are single ?
num:count how many people was randy craft convicted of murdering ?
loc:other what river flows through vienna , budapest and belgrade ?
hum:ind what civil war general wreaked havoc on the south by marching through georgia on his way to the sea ?
hum:ind who was the conservationist who served as spokesperson for post grape nuts ?
desc:def what is carpal tunnel syndrome ?
abbr:exp what does ioc stand for ?
loc:other which area produces the least acidic coffee ?
desc:reason why is it called `` hamburger '' if there is no ham in it ?
enty:symbol what is the trademark of a washington redskin 's fan ?
desc:reason why does cotton get caught in belly buttons ?
hum:ind what suburban housewife and mother of three wrote the feminine mystique ?
desc:manner how does a glacier form ?
num:date on which date is the ukrainians ' christmas ?
loc:city what is the largest city in the world ?
enty:sport what famed tennis tournament 's men 's singles title was fred perry the last englishman to win ?
hum:desc who was whitcomb judson ?
num:weight what is the average weight for a man ?
loc:other what are britain 's two longest rivers ?
loc:country what country covers 8 , 600 , 387 square miles ?
enty:substance what fuel do airplanes use ?
hum:ind name a canine cartoon character other than huckleberry hound to have a voice by daws butler .
desc:def what does palindromic mean ?
desc:desc what baseball expression came from the nautical term for ships sailing between the atlantic and pacific before the panama canal ?
loc:state in which state are the mark twain national forests ?
loc:other what is the oldest ethnological museum in the world ?
desc:manner how does belle describe her life in beauty and the beast ?
enty:color what color flies closest to the staff on belgium 's flag ?
enty:other what is the smallest thing seen under the most powerful microscope , and how big is it ?
enty:body which ear can most people hear better with ?
loc:other where have the most dinosaur remains been found ?
enty:letter what letter appears on the cold-water tap in spain ?
enty:termeq how do you say `` grandma '' in irish ?
hum:ind who shoplifts ?
enty:substance what is a camel hair brush actually made out of ?
desc:def what is the socratic method ?
loc:other what island has a park called the battery at is southern tip ?
desc:def what is hypertext ?
num:money how much is clara peller being paid by wendy 's to say `` where 's the beef '' ?
desc:desc what do i need to learn to design web pages ?
num:date what was the date of cnn 's first broadcast ?
desc:reason shea and gould closed their los angeles office for what reason ?
enty:cremat what peter blatty novel recounts the horrors of regan macneil 's possession by the devil ?
num:other what is the all-time stock high of apple computer , and where can i find this information ?
desc:reason why are lions called `` king of the jungle '' ?
enty:food what non-alcoholic syrup is made from pomegranate juice ?
enty:other what meter was invented by c.c. magee in 1935 ?
num:date when was calypso music invented ?
loc:other what caribbean island is northeast of trinidad ?
enty:cremat what michelangelo sculpture is in saint peter 's cathedral , basilica , ?
desc:desc what 's the difference and advantages of selecting a super vhs vcr over plain vhs model ?
num:period how old is bernadette peters ?
loc:other where can i find book reviews of `` turbulent souls '' ?
num:date what is dick clark 's birthday ?
enty:termeq what is the name for clouds that produce rain ?
num:date when did hitler come to power in germany ?
num:date when did gothic art and architecture flourish ?
hum:ind which two inventors invented post-its ?
num:date what day of the week was july 13 ?
hum:ind whose image is alleged to be on the shroud of turin ?
enty:dismed what does salk vaccine prevent ?
hum:ind what u.s. general was court-martialled for criticizing american air power ?
enty:dismed what is a fear of insanity ?
desc:manner how do you convert foot-pounds to foot-inches ?
hum:ind who said : `` the victor will never be asked if he told the truth '' ?
num:count approximately how many students are enrolled at the university of massachusetts ?
enty:instru what do west indian steel bands use as instruments ?
desc:reason why did david koresh ask the fbi for a word processor ?
loc:state what is the fastest growing state in the u.s.a. in 1998 ?
num:count how many american soldiers have died for their country to date ?
enty:event what was the name of the u.s. 's first manned space program ?
hum:desc who is langston hughes ?
enty:other what were the achievements of richard nixon ?
loc:other where does the opera singer ileana cotrubas come from ?
desc:manner how do you do a bibliography with an unknown author ?
hum:ind saddam hussein was compared to whom by president bush ?
num:date what year was the naacp founded ?
num:date in what year did thatcher gain power ?
hum:ind who wrote the book , `` the grinch who stole christmas '' ?
loc:other where can i learn about samuel gompers ?
hum:ind what jockey won 17 triple crown races ?
loc:state what u.s. state 's biggest lake is lake sam rayburn ?
desc:def what is greek pita ?
enty:animal what do peacocks mate with ?
hum:ind who seized power from milton obote in 1971 ?
loc:state what state is niagara falls located in ?
num:temp how hot does the inside of an active volcano get ?
enty:other what tools do you use to crewel ?
desc:def what is narcolepsy ?
enty:event what is the name of the american literary era that includes 1896 ?
enty:termeq what 's the term for an organism that lives on or in another ?
loc:other where is the orange bowl ?
loc:city what scandinavian capital is built on nine bridge-connected islands ?
hum:ind what well-known actor is the father of star alan alda ?
loc:other where is the smithsonian institute located ?
desc:def what does the name ` alexandra ' mean ?
num:volsize what is the size of argentina ?
enty:substance what would you add to the clay mixture to produce bone china ?
desc:def what is leukemia ?
enty:cremat what stephen sondheim ballad ends : `` well , maybe next year.. . '' ?
desc:manner how does the tail affect the flight of a kite ?
num:date what date is richard nixon 's birthday ?
enty:animal what film canine is buried in pere-lachaise cemetery in paris ?
hum:ind what little boy and dog live in a shoe ?
num:perc what percent of world 's fresh water is found in canada ?
num:date cnn 's first broadcast occurred on what date ?
desc:reason why are the u.s. presidential elections held in november ?
num:count how many grooves are on a dime ?
hum:ind what was marilyn monroe 's real name ?
num:other what number of american soldiers remain unaccounted from the vietnam war ?
abbr:abb what is the acronym for the national bureau of investigation ?
desc:manner how does marijuana lead to other drugs ?
hum:ind what father and son won the medal of honor ?
num:count how many consecutive baseball games did lou gehrig play ?
hum:gr which high schools are included in the south florida ice hockey league ?
num:count how many different types of skunks are there ?
hum:ind who is the prophet of medina ?
enty:cremat what is the name of a salt lake city newspaper ?
num:date what year did spielberg make `` jaws '' ?
desc:def what 's the meaning of the zoological term ruminant ?
hum:ind what is the name of the woman who was with john belushi when he died ?
desc:def what is hyperopia ?
enty:color what color poker chip is usually assigned the lowest value ?
loc:other what do most tourists visit in reims ?
enty:animal which produces the longer sperm - an elephant or a mouse ?
enty:cremat in what book can i find the story of aladdin ?
loc:city what united states city produces the most oil ?
desc:manner how do you pronounce `` tzimisce '' ?
enty:termeq what 's the name of the tokyo stock exchange ?
num:perc what 's the percentage of children aged two through eleven who watch ` 'the simpsons ' ?
enty:cremat what tv show premiered on january 15 , 1981 ?
loc:country what was the only country in the western hemisphere to join the russian-led boycott of the 1984 summer olympics ?
loc:other in what part of africa is mozambique located ?
abbr:abb what is the abbreviated term used for the national bureau of investigation ?
desc:def what is e-commerce ?
hum:ind whose funeral train traveled from washington d.c. to springfield , illinois ?
desc:manner how did names come about ?
hum:ind what 's the better-known identity of john merrick , the noble ogre of victorian england ?
hum:ind what is her husband 's name ?
hum:gr what cigarette company urged us , `` come to where the flavor is ? ''
hum:ind which of the following did not receive a 1983 `` outstanding mother award '' from the national mother 's day committee ?
hum:ind what dynasty star made her 2th century-fox debut in the virgin queen ?
loc:other where is poe 's birthplace ?
hum:ind what actress holds the record for the most appearances on the cover of life ?
enty:other what was the first tv set to include a remote control ?
hum:gr name the company that used the line , `` even your best friend won 't tell you '' in its ad ?
enty:product what first-aid product `` helps the hurt stop hurting '' ?
desc:manner how does ultraviolet light damage the dna of skin cells ?
desc:desc what was the verdict in the trial of lizzie borden ?
hum:ind what u.s. president had brothers-in-law in the confederate army ?
hum:ind who is the queen of holland ?
desc:def what does the greek word polis mean , as in minneapolis ?
loc:other where can i find detailed information about manchukuo ?
hum:ind what actor learned to play the saxophone and speak russian for a role in a movie ?
hum:ind who says , `` if you don 't look good , we don 't look good '' ?
hum:ind who was secretary of state during the nixon administration ?
num:money how much money does each player get at the beginning of the game in monopoly ?
loc:other where 's the gum department store ?
desc:def what is the literal meaning of `` d-day '' ?
loc:state what state was named the green mountain state ?
enty:body what carries sperm up into the pelvic region ?
num:date what year was the atm first introduced ?
loc:state what are all the southern states of the united states ?
hum:desc who is johnny carson ?
num:other what does 7847+5943 equal ?
enty:cremat what book is subtitled the preservation of favoured races in the struggle for life ?
desc:reason why do the chickenpoxs last so long ?
hum:ind what attorneys work for the center for the defense of free enterprise ?
desc:manner how did the u.s. come into the possession of an empire in the wake of the spanish-american war ?
num:date what is dick clark 's date of birth ?
desc:def what does the name `` sheri '' mean ?
enty:animal what is the only primate to lack pigment in the palms of its hands ?
num:count how many equal sides are there on a scalene triangle ?
loc:other where did bill gates go to college ?
loc:other what constellation is known as the water bearer ?
enty:cremat what tale has the moral : `` he who wants everything gets nothing '' ?
hum:gr what u.s. university boasts the largest library ?
num:date in which year was the cartoon character chilly willy created ?
desc:desc what do japanese school uniforms look like ?
enty:cremat name a salt lake city newspaper .
loc:other where can i find the history of the taiwanese language ?
loc:state what state is mount mckinley in ?
desc:manner how did people respond to the idea of the first millenium ?
hum:ind which classical spanish writer said `` all that glitters is not gold '' ?
desc:def what is swap math ?
desc:def what is hypnotherapy ?
abbr:exp what is rcd ?
num:other how large is missouri 's population ?
enty:animal which cats pursued tweety pie in his first cartoon appearance ?
desc:def what is the biblical meaning of ` stones ' ?
hum:gr which organization is the security council a part of ?
num:date when was the internal combustion engine developed ?
desc:manner how can i find out my biorhythm ?
hum:ind who painted `` soft self-portrait with grilled bacon '' ?
hum:gr what company markets a shampoo `` for brunettes only '' ?
enty:dismed what is a fear of touching ?
enty:event what is the name of the largest water conservancy project in china ?
hum:ind who killed caesar ?
loc:other where is kings canyon ?
desc:desc what are the words to the song sung by `` banana in pajamas '' ?
desc:reason why are organ transplants more successful today ?
enty:cremat which is the most-used computer program ?
desc:desc what is the root of all evil ?
enty:animal what animal has the best hearing ?
num:date what time does wee willie winkie run through the town ?
num:ord what chapter of gone with the wind has rhett butler leaving scarlett o 'hara ?
num:money what amount of money did the philippine ex-dictator marcos steal from the treasury ?
enty:cremat what film featured shirley maclaine as a prostitute and jack lemmon as a pimp ?
enty:dismed what is a fear of drinking ?
loc:country what asian country once thrilled to the sport of cricket fighting ?
num:count how many varieties of apple are there ?
hum:desc who is count cinzano ?
hum:ind who 's won the most oscars for costume design ?
enty:cremat what ernest hemingway novel had the working title fiesta ?
enty:color what color of monopoly properties are landed on most often ?
enty:cremat which beatles disc cover honors the rolling stones ?
desc:reason why does it snow ?
num:period what is the average life expectancy of a male in ireland in 1996 ?
desc:def what is `` vocal sampling '' ?
desc:manner how do windmills work ?
enty:veh what ocean liner burned and sank in hong kong harbor ?
loc:city what city is near the mouth of the amazon ?
hum:ind what u.s. vice-president once declared : `` if you 've seen one slum , you 've seen them all '' ?
hum:ind who wrote the red badge of courage ?
enty:currency what money was used by them ?
enty:color what color , s , appear on boxes of kodak film ?
loc:other where did the inuits live ?
desc:desc what is the origin of the word trigonometry ?
desc:desc what is compaq 's mission statement ?
enty:other what was the name of the 1899 policy forced on china by which all nations had equal trading rights ?
hum:ind what british monarch 's lap did p.t. barnum 's tom thumb sit in ?
desc:manner how did rocky marciano die ?
hum:ind who invented the road traffic cone ?
hum:gr what is the name of joan jett 's band ?
hum:ind which of the following people is not associated with andy warhol ?
enty:other what does visine get out ?
hum:gr what civilization invented the arch ?
desc:desc what are some fun things to do in cozumel , mexico for teenagers ?
hum:gr what is an example of a famous rock band from the sixties ?
loc:other what former royal palace has served as a granary , prison , arsenal , leper colony , mint , telegraph station and whorehouse before becoming an art museum ?
loc:other where was `` i have fallen , and i can 't get up '' said first ?
hum:ind what president 's ghost is said to haunt the white house ?
hum:ind what are the names of jack 's original roommates on three 's company ?
desc:def what is the definition of hazmat ?
num:count how many url extensions are there ? and what are they ?
loc:other where did the wright brothers make their first flight ?
hum:ind who won the battle of gettysburg ?
enty:food what do you get by mixing gin and vermouth ?
hum:ind name the two youngsters saved by the animated moby dick .
hum:ind who was the captain of the tanker , exxon valdez , involved in the oil spill in prince william sound , alaska , 1989 ?
loc:city what is the snowiest city in the u.s. ?
desc:def what is crabgrass ?
enty:cremat what book opens : `` at a certain village in la mancha , which i shall not name.. . '' ?
hum:desc who is stephen hawking ?
abbr:exp what does shield stand for ?
enty:termeq how do you say , `` i love you '' in other languages ?
desc:def what is the gay science ?
desc:reason why is jane goodall famous ?
num:other what is the chemical reactivity of helium ?
hum:ind the name of the actor who played the detective in the film kindergarden cop is what ?
desc:reason what is main reason for that electric vehicles can 't be popular nowadays ?
desc:desc what is the difference between optical and digital video ?
desc:desc what clause in the u.s. constitution may not be changed , altered or amended ?
desc:desc what 's new in the postal world in 1999 ?
hum:ind what actor came to dinner in guess who 's coming to dinner ?
desc:desc what is the difference between the anus and the rectum ?
desc:def what is a guild ?
desc:desc what is the difference between college and graduate school ?
desc:manner how do i change a file from an art file to a jpeg or bitmap file ?
desc:desc what is franz kafka 's short story `` a country doctor '' trying to tell us ?
hum:ind what engineer invented the pull-tab can ?
loc:city what south american capital is the world 's highest ?
desc:desc what are the lyrics to the star spangled banner ?
loc:other name a civil war battlefield .
num:date when do you plant winter wheat ?
desc:desc what will a compass do in outer space ?
num:count how many counties are in indiana ?
hum:gr which college did dikembe mutombo attend ?
hum:ind who was the first actress to appear on a postage stamp ?
hum:ind who was the first black woman to star in the folies bergeres ?
enty:cremat what aesop 's fable has the moral : `` the race is not always to the swift. slow and steady is bound to win '' ?
loc:other what famed strip of land is a 15-minute boat trip across the venetian lagoon from venice ?
desc:manner how is water treated to make it safe to drink ?
desc:def what is a hydrogen bond ?
num:money what is the exchange rate between england and the u.s. ?
enty:other what does a woman want ?
num:other what is the protection rate of using condoms ?
abbr:abb what 's the abbreviation for limited partnership ?
loc:other which continent has the most roses ?
enty:cremat what russian novel embracing more the 5 characters is set in the napoleonic wars ?
desc:manner how do you write a correct critical analysis of a poem ?
desc:manner how do i check if my modem is v.9 compatible ?
enty:color what is your favorite color ?
enty:other what is the longest chemical name , consisting of 35 letters ?
num:count how many corners does a spritsail have ?
hum:ind what bottled-up tv character was born in baghdad ?
desc:def what is a multiplexer ?
enty:other what credit card features a centurion on its face ?
loc:mount what are the four largest mountain ranges on the asian continent ?
desc:def what are the poconos ?
desc:def what does caliente mean , in english ?
desc:reason what is jane goodall famous for ?
enty:event what is the mission of nike ?
desc:def what is thalassemia ?
num:dist how far can you see ?
enty:veh what nuclear-powered russian submarine sank in the norwegian sea on april 7 , 1989 ?
desc:reason why can 't you taste anything when you have a cold ?
loc:other where in the bible does it tell about jesus christ 's brothers and sisters ?
loc:country what country boasts the southernmost point in continental europe ?
num:date when did nostradamus believe world war iii would begin ?
desc:desc what is so powerful about power bars ?
enty:termeq what do the japanese call japan ?
loc:country what country was brian boru an 11th-century king of ?
desc:desc what happens when a body part falls asleep ?
enty:word what english word has the most letters ?
enty:cremat what film ends with the line : `` this is mrs. norman maine '' ?
hum:ind who asked the musical question : `` have you ever been to electric lady land ? ''
hum:ind who wrote : `` poems are made by fools like me but only god can make a tree '' ?
desc:def what is june 's birthstone ?
loc:other where did the 6th annual meeting of indonesia-malaysia forest experts take place ?
desc:reason why do we ask for the `` check '' and not the bill at a restaurant ?
hum:ind who played the part of the godfather in the movie , ` the godfather ' ?
num:date when was london 's docklands light railway constructed ?
hum:ind who invented the wonderbra ?
desc:desc what is the origin of the proverb `` a stitch in time saves nine '' ?
loc:city what state capital comes last alphabetically ?
desc:reason why is thanksgiving on a thursday ?
desc:manner how do telephones work ?
enty:food what 's the main vegetable in vichyssoise ?
num:period how long did the charles manson murder trial last ?
num:period how long does it take for your blood to make one complete trip through the body ?
hum:ind who owns the st. louis rams ?
loc:other where is former pro wrestler johnny `` rubber man '' walker ?
enty:food what beer tells us , `` grab all the gusto you can get . '' ?
loc:other what is the geographical center of the us including alaska and hawaii ?
enty:other which side of the face do most artists tend to show more of in self-portraits ?
desc:def what is diabetes ?
enty:event what phenomenon would you expect to read about in the monthly publication the bigfoot news ?
num:date when do mormons believe christ was born ?
num:date in what year was actress joan collins born ?
enty:dismed what is a fear of punishment ?
num:money what is average salary of restaurant manager in united states ?
enty:cremat what comic strip sometimes features a mailman named beasley ?
enty:other what device provided a new way to listen to music in 1963 ?
enty:food what will a kid eat the middle of , and save the chocolate on the outside for last ?
num:period on average , how long time does it take to type a screenplay ?
abbr:exp what does the abbreviation ioc stand for ?
desc:def what 's a short ton ?
num:period how long do cardinal eggs incubate ?
enty:body what two body parts grow all your life ?
hum:ind what texas surgeon performed the first artificial heart transplant ?
loc:country what country has the port of haifa ?
enty:substance what is the main ingredient of yogurt ?
enty:food what is the recipe for eggs benedict ?
loc:other what is the address for the main government office in rome , italy ?
enty:food what 's the largest u.s. agricultural crop by weight ?
enty:other what is the electronic device used to produce visual displays corresponding to electric signals ?
desc:def what is goldenseal ?
hum:ind who made the most appearances in the center square on hollywood squares ?
desc:def what is the lost colony ?
enty:substance what is the chemical composition of a barbie ?
num:count how many of every 10 members of the rodeo cowboys association have never worked a ranch ?
hum:gr what store claims to be the world 's largest department store ?
enty:termeq what is the lens behind the iris in the eye called ?
desc:def what is tetrinet ?
hum:ind what `` marvelous '' major-league baseball player is now a spokesman for a beer company ?
enty:word what is the longest english word that can be formed using just the first row of letters on a typewriter ?
enty:termeq what is chiricahua the name of ?
enty:termeq what 's the green variety of beryl called ?
enty:veh what was the name of captain bligh 's ship ?
enty:food which is heavier - cream or milk ?
hum:ind who said `` the only thing we have to fear is fear itself '' ?
loc:other where is romania located ?
num:count how many films are made by the major studios in a year ?
num:count how many small businesses are there in the u.s .
num:period what age is benny carter ?
desc:manner how do you clean an lcd monitor screen ?
loc:city what city did the mormons establish as their headquarters in 1847 ?
desc:def what is amezaiku ?
loc:country what two countries are linked by the brenner pass ?
enty:sport what new games are available for nintendo 64 ?
loc:state mississippi has what name for a state nickname ?
enty:color what is the predominant color of the tab label ?
loc:city what u.s. city was named for st. francis of assisi ?
num:count how many megawatts will the power project in indonesia , built by a consortium headed by mission energy of us , produce ?
desc:def what is the definition of `` chancery '' file in real estate ?
hum:ind who is the sexiest women in the world ?
num:date what day is known as the `` national day of prayer '' ?
loc:other where can i get a photograph of professor randolph quirk ?
hum:ind who was the supreme god of germanic religion ?
desc:manner how do you handle a hungry man ?
hum:ind who 's played the most games for the new york yankees ?
hum:ind what tv character said ; `` one of these days , alice , pow , right in the kisser '' ?
hum:ind what is the name of the indian who became prime minister by beating mrs. gandhi in the 1977 election ?
enty:word what are the conjugations of wake and woke ?
hum:ind what chilean president was killed in a 1973 coup d 'etat ?
num:other what was einstein 's iq ?
hum:ind name the first russian astronaut to do a spacewalk .
desc:reason why do eyes sometimes look red in photographs ?
enty:termeq what are john c. calhoun and henry clay known as ?
hum:ind what are the first names of the famous husband-and-wife acting team of lunt and fontanne ?
enty:sport what are some good exercises for kids to do ?
num:count how many real fruit juices are there in a can of hawaiian punch ?
abbr:abb what is the abbreviation of the national bureau of investigation ?
loc:other what is the principal river of ireland ?
loc:other what lake is the source of the white nile ?
enty:sport garry kasparov plays what game ?
num:weight how much does a poodle weigh ?
desc:def what is zionism ?
hum:gr what cable network bills itself as `` the family entertainer '' ?
num:count how many points are there on a backgammon board ?
desc:desc what have you not let a tennis ball do if you volley ?
enty:cremat which comic book was not spawned directly from the pulp magazines ?
enty:product what product is for kids , and not for silly rabbits ?
desc:def what else has the swastika stood for ?
desc:reason why do people get goosebumps when they have something emotional happen to them , like when they hear a beautiful piece of music , or see something beautiful , or get aroused by someone they love ?
num:count how many frames does a disk camera shoot ?
enty:other what are the 7 wonders of the world ?
num:date when did theo rousseau paint the `` forest of fontaine '' ?
num:count how many people have been captain america ?
desc:def what is meant by the term `` yield to maturity '' in reference to bonds ?
enty:food what became the biggest cash crop in the u.s. in 1983 , surpassing corn ?
desc:manner how did the war of 1812 affect delaware ?
enty:body where is the human skin least sensitive ?
hum:ind what president was meant for , but never placed in , the empty crypt beneath the capital 's rotunda ?
enty:other what is the biggest `` thing '' humans have made ?
loc:other what are all the rivers in europe ?
hum:ind who won the superbowl in ?
enty:other what five cards make up a perfect cribbage hand ?
num:date in what year was gandhi assassinated ?
num:period what is the time it takes a typist to type a screenplay that is 100 pages long ?
enty:animal what is the full classification of a lady bug ?
hum:ind what hungarian cardinal was first a state prisoner and then a refugee in the u.s. embassy 1956-1971 ?
num:count how many pairs of wings does a tsetse fly have ?
enty:other what was the name of the peace agreement imposed on germany after world war i ?
loc:country what 's the fifth-largest country in the world ?
desc:manner how do you box train a cat ?
desc:manner how was teddy roosevelt related to fdr ?
enty:cremat what newspaper serves salt lake city ?
num:date the film `` jaws '' was made in what year ?
desc:manner how does lightning travel ?
enty:food what spice do chefs pay the most for ?
hum:ind who directed citizen kane ?
desc:def what is troilism ?
enty:veh what was the sister ship of the olympic ?
hum:ind what is the nickname of the famous flyer who mistakenly flew to ireland instead of to los angeles ?
abbr:exp what is html ?
desc:manner how do you identify prime numbers ?
hum:ind whose special bear 's creator was born on january 18 , 1779 ?
hum:gr what high school does archie attend ?
enty:animal what animal migrates the farthest ?
enty:cremat what film was based on the play everybody comes to rick 's ?
desc:reason why do we call someone `` honey '' ?
enty:food madonna hocks which soft drink ?
hum:gr what television network flogged its sports programming on inga nielsen 's body in 197 ?
loc:country in what country is lund ?
enty:cremat what 's the sequel to alice 's adventures in wonderland ?
loc:city what is the capital of seattle ?
hum:ind what italian leader had a lifelong fear of the evil eye ?
loc:city what city in florida is sea world in ?
hum:ind who said : `` what contemptible scoundrel stole the cork from my lunch ? ''
desc:def what 's a water funnel ?
enty:dismed what is a fear of worms ?
desc:def what is a chinese `` spouting '' bowl ?
desc:desc what does an emperor do ?
hum:ind what president kissed the queen mother on the lips ?
loc:other where does the tennis star stefan edberg come from ?
loc:other what continent pushes up the executive committee mountain range ?
desc:manner how do they raise the cranes when building high-rise buildings ?
desc:reason what was al capone finally imprisoned for , in 1931 ?
enty:food what food can i use to catch a possum ?
hum:ind what was al capone 's nickname ?
hum:ind who was the author of the famous fairy tale `` snow white and seven dwarfs '' ?
loc:city what is the largest city in germany ?
enty:dismed what is a fear of cholera ?
loc:other what park contains firehole river and fairy falls ?
loc:other what 's the largest island in the west indies ?
loc:state what new england state carries the telephone area code 27 ?
enty:other what is an example of a natural acid-base indicator ?
loc:other in what county is eckley colorado ?
desc:manner how do i find info about rice importers in the world ?
num:money how much does it cost to have a tree planted by dialing , 900 , 740-tree ?
desc:desc what is the song stairway to heaven by led zeppelin about ?
desc:manner how does hair curl ?
enty:other what are pushed and coupled in hump yards ?
num:period how long do hermit crabs live ?
loc:city what city hosted the first winter olympics in asia ?
desc:desc what is the origin of the first name ` breony ' ?
num:date what month were you born in if your birthstone is sardonyx ?
hum:ind who is behind the name of the harvey wallbanger drink ?
desc:desc what is the origin of `` beauty is in the eye of the beholder '' ?
enty:food what soft drink not only has its own video game , but was featured in its own marvel comic book ?
enty:cremat what oldtime kids ' fare did tv guide writer jeff greenfield call `` one of the most...subversive tv shows in american history '' ?
enty:food madonna advertises for what soft drink ?
abbr:exp what does a&w of root beer fame stand for ?
enty:termeq what tennis term is said to come from the french word for egg ?
enty:other what does a collier mine ?
num:money how much money can a person be fined for having a dog on a beach ?
loc:country what desert country borders saudi arabia , iraq and the persian gulf ?
enty:event what are the ages in comic book lingo ?
enty:animal what kinds of animals are in cambodia ?
hum:gr what south african producer had a 1988 profit of $836 million ?
hum:ind what american actress was the first to be called a `` vamp '' ?
desc:def what do the 12 days of christmas mean ?
enty:cremat what john steinbeck novel portrays the joad family , driven from the oklahoma dustbowl ?
num:date what date did man first land on the moon ?
loc:other where are the headquarters of eli lilly ?
num:count how many web servers are there ?
desc:desc what 's the last line of dickens 's a christmas carol ?
num:count how many trees go into paper making in a year ?
loc:other where can i find info on research being done on oilseeds thru genetics ?
desc:reason how come light bulbs go out ?
desc:reason for what reason did the shea & gould law firm close their l.a. office ?
num:dist how far out is the universe ?
desc:desc what is the difference between a bottle and a jar ?
enty:dismed what disease is the second-biggest killer of north americans ?
loc:other where did the mayan indians live ?
loc:other where was poe born ?
desc:desc what happens to the female body with lack of sleep and food ?
enty:dismed what is a fear of crystals or glass ?
enty:product name a product that controls the ripening of apples .
num:count how many warmup pitches does a reliever get coming into a baseball game ?
loc:other where did dylan thomas die ?
enty:animal what common livestock have the greatest variety of breeds ?
enty:cremat what film had bette davis creating a scandal by wearing a daring red gown to a society ball ?
enty:dismed what disease did august von wassermann develop a specific test for in 196 ?
hum:gr what card company sells christmas ornaments ?
desc:manner how do i find out what cities are in a certain area code ?
enty:other what can communications satellites offer yachts ?
num:count how many fig newtons are there to the pound ?
hum:ind who is the premier of china ?
hum:ind what cigar-chewing comedian observed : `` you 're only as old as the woman you feel '' ?
num:count how many bones are there in the human hand ?
hum:gr what bread company used to feature stickers of the cisco kid on the ends of their packages ?
hum:ind who was the president of vichy france ?
hum:ind whose kidnaping was termed the crime of the century ?
desc:def what is hydrogen ?
hum:gr what group asked the musical question do you believe in magic ?
loc:other what was the tallest building in america in 1922 ?
hum:ind what buxom blonde appeared on the cover of more than 5 magazines ?
desc:def what is recruitment interview technique ?
desc:manner how does a hurricane form ?
desc:def what does the donation process entail ?
num:dist how far is it from phoenix to blythe ?
loc:city what new hampshire hamlet rises early to vote first in u.s. presidential elections ?
num:count how many people watch network television ?
enty:product what garment was named for bradley , voorhees and day ?
hum:ind who first broke the sound barrier ?
desc:manner how do birds have sex ?
num:count how many horses are there on a polo team ?
enty:other what 's destroyed in genesis 19 : 24 ?
enty:event what new year is celebrated on february 16th ?
desc:def what is occam 's razor ?
loc:other where do the grimace and mayor mccheese live ?
num:period how long does it take to hike the entire appalachian trail ?
hum:ind what role do fruits play in the survival of plants ?
loc:other where is the world championship sled dog race held each february ?
desc:reason what are the medical purposes of `` clitoridectomy '' ?
desc:def how is thalassemia defined ?
enty:cremat what 's the name of the tampa newspaper ?
desc:def what is a storm surge ?
desc:manner how do you use `` farther '' as opposed to `` further '' ?
enty:other what was the alternate to vhs ?
enty:lang what is one of the languages of the sioux ?
hum:ind what pulitzer prize-winning novelist ran for mayor of new york city ?
num:count how many times can a nickel-cadmium rechargeable battery be recharged ?
desc:manner how is cologne made ?
enty:food what was the food of the greek gods called ?
desc:def what does camera-ready art mean ?
num:count how many seats does the batmobile sport ?
num:count how many cards are dealt to each player in gin rummy ?
desc:desc what happened to phillip taylor kramer ?
enty:cremat what erica jong novel deals with isadora wing 's fear ?
num:date what time of year do most people fly ?
hum:ind who was scrooge 's dead partner in dickens 's a christmas carol ?
desc:desc what is the origin of the christmas tree ?
num:date when is the thai new year ?
enty:sport what four tournaments make up tennis ' grand slam ?
enty:cremat what 1964 film introduced the song my kind of town ?
hum:ind who recorded the 1957 hit tammy ?
enty:termeq what is the term for the side of the mountain that faces the prevailing winds ?
enty:other in kafka 's metamorphosis , the hero awakes one morning to find himself turned into what ?
enty:termeq what does caliente translate to in english ?
hum:ind who is mia farrow 's mother ?
desc:manner how do you determine if a computer monitor has an svga adapter ?
num:dist how far can a human eye see ?
num:date what time of year has the most air travel ?
desc:def what does the term `` spaghetti western '' mean ?
num:date when was the g7 group of nations formed ?
desc:desc what are differences between 1980 and 1990 ?
hum:ind what baseball player was walked the most times ?
hum:ind what famous male vocalist has the same name as the composer of the opera hansel and gretel ?
enty:food what were the first frozen foods ?
desc:reason why is indiglo called indiglo ?
enty:word what is the word for love of pain or abuse ?
num:date when did they canonize the bible ?
hum:ind who was the only president to serve two nonconsecutive terms ?
num:perc what percentage of all world tornados touch down in the us ?
hum:ind what labor leader was last seen in the parking lot of a michigan restaurant ?
num:date when did the carolingian period begin ?
desc:desc what motto ended merrie melodies cartoons ?
hum:ind who reports the weather on the `` good morning america '' television show ?
num:count how many emperors were there in the roman empire ?
hum:ind what was the name of `` the muppets '' creator ?
desc:def what is cabarnet sauvignon ?
desc:def what is a virtual ip address ?
enty:animal what 's the name of the tiger that advertises for frosted flakes cereal ?
hum:ind who sent the brief message `` i came , i saw , i conquered '' ?
enty:color what color is mr. spock 's blood ?
hum:ind what u.s. air force general led the first bombing raid over tokyo ?
hum:ind what u.s. vice-president said : `` some newspapers dispose of their garbage by printing it '' ?
hum:ind what was the name of the first watergate special prosecutor , later fired by nixon ?
desc:manner how do movie blues screens work ?
desc:manner how does the speed the magnet spins in a generator affect the output of the generator ?
hum:gr what 's the supreme policy-making bureau of the soviet communist party ?
desc:def what was the vietnam war ?
desc:def what is la nina ?
desc:reason why did the globe theatre burn down ?
num:date on what day were john f and jackie kennedy married ?
enty:cremat what was the non-fiction best-seller of 1952 , 1953 and 1954 ?
desc:def what is meant by blood sed rate ?
hum:gr who are the nomadic hunting and gathering tribe of the kalahari desert in africa ?
hum:ind who won a pulitzer prize for his novel the caine mutiny ?
enty:techmeth what 's the best way to lose the flab under your chin and around your face ?
loc:other where is your corpus callosum ?
enty:cremat what broadway musical featured the song , `` if i were a rich man ? ''
hum:ind who portrayed sherlock holmes in 14 films between 1939 and 1946 ?
desc:reason why is the development of space so important ?
desc:desc what is the nursery rhyme rock-a-by baby about ?
loc:other when superman needs to get away from it all , where does he go ?
num:period how old is singer freedy johnston ?
desc:desc what is the origin of gametophytic tissue ?
desc:def what does aaron mean ?
enty:dismed what is a fear of hair ?
hum:ind what is the name of the pop singer whose song became the theme song for a brand of catsup ?
desc:def what is a conifer ?
hum:ind who claimed to be the world 's most perfectly-developed man ?
desc:desc what is different about the red and black fox ?
desc:def what is e-commerce ?
desc:manner how do i tie a tie ?
loc:other where can i get cotton textiles importer details ?
num:date when did spain and korea start ambassadorial relations ?
hum:gr what kind of people took part in shays ' rebellion in massachusetts in 1787 ?
desc:def what is chromatology ?
num:count how many grooves are on a dime 's edge ?
desc:manner how was the aclu formed ?
enty:cremat what are the most albums sold by one artist or band ?
enty:sport the second most popular sport worldwide is what ?
enty:other what do goldfish lose if kept in dimly-lit or running water ?
loc:other what canal does the thatcher ferry bridge span ?
hum:ind what american won the world grand prix driving championship in 1978 ?
num:perc what are the chances of pregnacy if the penis does not penetrate the vagina ?
enty:other what 's the highest hand in straight poker ?
loc:other where can i find a lesson plan for teaching the metric system conversion to american standard ?
enty:cremat what is the name of kevin costner 's movie about sioux indians ?
desc:def what are kythnos , siphnos , seriphos and mykonos ?
hum:ind name a female figure skater .
desc:reason why are there no white lines on pro footballs ?
num:period how long would it take for a $ savings bond to mature ?
desc:manner how is abigail arcane related to the villainous opponent of the swamp thing ?
enty:other what did the congress of vienna establish ?
num:money what is the average cost for four years of medical school ?
enty:substance what harmful chemicals are in bug spray ?
num:count how many spears are there on kenya 's flag ?
desc:desc what did mighty mouse always sing as he went into action ?
loc:other where did george of the jungle live ?
desc:manner how did bob marley die ?
num:other what 's men 's par on a 455-yard golf hole ?
num:perc what percentage of american men are alcoholic ?
num:money dialing , 900 , 740-tree to have a tree planted will cost how much ?
num:count in south korea , how many american soldiers are there ?
hum:ind who portrayed carl bernstein in all the president 's men ?
num:other what are the numbers that fit into fermont 's last theorem ?
hum:ind who was tiny tim 's father ?
enty:other what does a heliologist study ?
hum:ind who was bonnie blue butler 's father ?
enty:product what shampoo prevents eczema , seborrhea , and psoriasis ?
num:count how many americans have hiv ?
loc:other where do i find information for foreclosure properties on the internet ?
hum:ind who is the antichrist ?
enty:cremat what was the first english play written exclusively for children ?
loc:country which latin american country is the largest ?
loc:other what was the former residence of scottish kings in edinburgh ?
num:count how many teats does a female goat sport ?
num:dist how tall is kilamanjaro ?
hum:ind who was the lawyer who represented randy steven craft ?
loc:country what country buys 25 percent of the world 's tea exports ?
loc:country what country is the origin of the band the creeps ?
enty:other what did the crocodile swallow in peter pan ?
desc:desc what is the origin of the word `` mushroom '' ?
hum:ind which of the following celebrities was not born in philadelphia ?
num:other what is the number of american soldiers deployed to south korea ?
loc:other where is the biggest bell ?
enty:product what is the brand name of the chemical daminozide ?
desc:manner how do microwaves work ?
enty:cremat what magazine paid ernest hemingway $15 a word to write a bullfighting article ?
num:count what is the estimated total u.s. whitetail deer population ?
hum:ind who wrote the farmer 's almanac ?
enty:animal what animal received royal assent as an emblem of canada on march 24 , 1975 ?
num:other what number is at 12 o 'clock on a dartboard ?
hum:gr which team won the super bowl in 1968 ?
desc:desc what is the recommended daily requirement for folic acid for pregnant women ?
enty:cremat what film dramatized the scopes monkey trial ?
hum:ind cnn is owned by whom ?
loc:country what country offered albert einstein its presidency in 1952 ?
desc:def what is the highest roman numeral ?
enty:cremat what tv series saw many of its aquatic scenes shot at silver springs , florida ?
hum:ind who was the 15th century fire-and-brimstone monk who gained control of florence but ended burnt at the stake ?
desc:manner how is digital audio used ?
abbr:exp what is afs ?
hum:desc who was quetzalcoatl ?
enty:product what operating system do ibm-compatible machines use ?
hum:ind what french leader sold louisiana to the united states ?
loc:other what bay sparkles next to miami , florida ?
num:count how many miles of veins are in the circulatory system ?
loc:other what famed river flows through bagdad ?
desc:manner how is bubble wrap made ?
desc:def what is java ?
hum:ind who is the prime minister of japan ?
hum:ind what player squats an average of 3 times during a baseball doubleheader ?
hum:ind what 's the most common name in nursery rhymes ?
num:count how many `` no '' answers was the what 's my line ? panel allowed ?
num:money what is the fine for having a dog on a beach ?
hum:ind who wrote the book , `` song of solomon '' ?
loc:other where can one find information on religion and health , the brain and nutrition ?
hum:ind name the ranger who was always after yogi bear .
enty:cremat what tv show did john sebastian sing the theme for ?
hum:ind who is the president of the spanish government ?
hum:ind who holds the career record for the most major league home runs ?
hum:ind which of the following actors worked in new york 's yiddish theater ?
hum:ind who invented the stethoscope ?
desc:def what is a mathematical factor ?
num:count how many four star generals were there and who are they ?
num:date when did nixon die ?
enty:termeq what was originally defined as one 1-millionth of the distance from the equator to the pole ?
hum:ind what comedian hit the tv screen in 1951 with the nbc afternoon show time for ernie ?
num:count how many members are in the california congressional delegation ?
loc:other what erupts every hour at yellowstone national park ?
loc:country what country contains the highest point in south america ?
hum:ind what are arnold palmer 's fans called ?
hum:ind who retired with 755 home runs to his credit ?
loc:other what constellation represents a hunter with club and shield ?
hum:ind who developed potlatch ?
num:period how long did shea and gould practice law in los angeles ?
num:other what 's a perfect score in a gymnastics exercise ?
hum:gr what group included abbey hoffman , jerry rubin , and tom hayden ?
desc:reason what made jane goodall famous ?
num:period at what age did rossini stop writing opera ?
loc:city what russian seaport has a name meaning `` lord of the east '' ?
hum:ind name the two actress daughters of john mills .
num:period how old was gene siskel ?
desc:desc what can be done about snoring ?
loc:mount what rocky mountain ridge separates north america 's eastward and westward-flowing rivers ?
hum:ind who is the actress bette davis once said she wished she looked like ?
hum:ind who portrayed the cowardly lion in the wizard of oz ?
enty:dismed what does a chiropodist treat ?
desc:def what is porphyria ?
loc:other what gate opened on east and west berlin ?
hum:ind who was the first king of england ?
desc:reason what made the finger lakes in western new york state ?
enty:cremat in what movie is the number nine found in the title ?
num:count how many calories are there in soy sauce ?
hum:ind who killed kurt cobain ?
hum:ind who created the monster in mary shelley 's novel frankenstein ?
loc:other what 's the farthest planet from the sun ?
desc:reason why does the sun shine only a short time in alaska ?
enty:dismed what chemical in red wine is good for the heart and what exactly does it do to your body ?
desc:manner how does blood clot ?
num:volsize how big is our galaxy in diameter ?
enty:product what product `` doubles your pleasure , doubles your fun '' ?
num:date when is a woman most fertile ?
hum:ind what son of a 15-year-old mexican girl and a half-irish father became the world 's most famous greek ?
hum:ind who was the first man to return to space ?
enty:product what brand of jeans did calvin klein admit in a 1984 interview he felt more comfortable wearing ?
hum:ind who gave abbie hoffman his first dose of lsd ?
desc:desc what effect does friction have on perpetual motion ?
hum:title what did the seven dwarfs do for a living ?
hum:ind what 4-foot-9 actress in 1984 became the first performer to win an oscar for playing a character of the opposite sex ?
hum:ind who shot billy the kid ?
desc:desc what is he doing now ?
hum:ind what mormon leader was said to have had 27 wives ?
enty:other what video format was an alternative to vhs ?
desc:desc where did the term `` 69 '' come from ?
enty:substance what is money made of ?
loc:other what 's the name of a hotel in indianapolis ?
num:count how many people in tucson ?
loc:other where is melbourne ?
hum:ind with whom did bush compare saddam hussein ?
loc:country what country was mikhail gorbachev the leader of ?
num:weight what is the recommended weight of a 15 year-old male that is 5 , 6 ?
hum:ind what pillar of the dutch renaissance painted aristotle contemplating the bust of homer ?
loc:other what is the largest county in size in massachusetts ?
hum:ind what is the name of the brilliant british economist behind its creation ?
hum:ind who played sally rogers on the dick van dyke show ?
desc:desc what is it like to experience a near death episode ?
hum:ind what mythical figure carries an hourglass and a scythe ?
num:money how much is a canadian 1967 twenty dollar gold coin worth ?
desc:reason why didn 't european colonial rule spread until after the first and second industrial revolutions ?
loc:other what natural attractions draw the most visitors in the united states ?
hum:gr what presidential administration challenged americans to explore the new frontier ?
num:count how many years did sleeping beauty sleep ?
num:period how long does it take for your body to restore blood after you donate your blood ?
desc:manner how do i know someone is truly in love with me ?
enty:food which of many numbered vats of scotch was judged best by a panel of experts in 1863 ?
desc:def what is literary criticism ?
desc:manner how do you throw a housewarming party ?
enty:sport what international sport was originally called hurley ?
loc:other what river runs through liverpool ?
hum:ind what famous british actor lost his voice after an operation in 1966 ?
desc:def what does the term 3 mean to a newspaper editor ?
hum:gr what company makes impulse hardening equipment ?
loc:country what country was kim philby really working for ?
desc:desc what does freddy freeman say to become captain marvel jr. ?
loc:country what country was hitler the chancellor of ?
hum:ind what is rona barrett 's married name ?
num:count how many years make up a lustrum ?
enty:other what are close encounters of the first and second kind ?
hum:ind who is the mathematician that won the noble prize for literature in 1950 ?
hum:ind which glamorous actress is a close friend of dick tracy ?
enty:cremat what 1956 grace metalious novel was on the best-seller list for two years ?
hum:gr name the three races unleashed by the celestials in marvel comics .
num:period how old is the italian artist maurizio pellegrin ?
hum:ind what president hit the jogging paths to enhance his athletic image and , sporting no. 39 , almost collapsed during the road race ?
desc:desc what is the distinction of erle stanley gardner 's the case of the terrified typist ?
loc:city what north american city would you visit to see cleopatra 's needle ?
num:date when was the nfl established ?
loc:other where can i find an ask an expert site ?
hum:ind what writer-journalist made his mark describing colorful broadway and underworld characters ?
loc:state what u.s. state has the lowest highest elevation at 6 feet ?
hum:gr what are the residents of the island of lesbos called ?
enty:other what is the organizational structure of the new delhi indira gandhi airport ?
enty:other at christmas time , what is the traditional thing to do under the mistletoe ?
hum:ind what baseball great plugged mr. coffee ?
enty:sport what international amateur sports spectacle was first telecast in 1956 ?
desc:desc what is the origin of the word `` amen '' ?
hum:ind who 's baby was sweet pea on the popeye cartoon ?
loc:other where is mile high stadium ?
enty:other what were baffin , frobisher and franklin looking for ?
desc:def what is limbo ?
loc:city what city contains the district of hell 's kitchen ?
enty:techmeth what interesting method was used to run the credits in the early popeye cartoons ?
enty:substance what are the stars made of ?
hum:ind what english physician was born on january 18 , 1779 and went on to create two important inventions ?
hum:ind who did arthur h. bremer try to assassinate on may 15 , 1972 ?
num:speed how fast must a spacecraft travel to escape earth 's gravity ?
hum:ind what apostle is taylor caldwell 's great lion of god ?
num:count how many rings are there on a five-zone archery target ?
enty:dismed what anesthetic did queen victoria allow to be used for the birth of her seventh child , in 1853 ?
enty:substance what element , from the periodic table , is a gas or a solid , but never a liquid ?
desc:def what is a tonne ?
loc:other which one of the great lakes is entirely within u.s. territory ?
abbr:exp what is deet ?
hum:gr what company sells the most greeting cards ?
loc:state what u.s. state has sagebrush as its state flower ?
desc:def what is the bernoulli principle ?
hum:ind what 's comic strip photographer peter parker 's secret identity ?
desc:desc what is difference between a poster and a print ?
enty:sport in which sport is there a `` scrum '' ?
enty:techmeth what are the best ways to improve employee morale at low cost ?
loc:country what nationality is pope john paul ii ?
desc:def what is false consciousness ?
desc:manner how did the great depression affect japan 's history ?
enty:other which side should a bowler facing a 37803 split hit the 3-pin on-the left or the right ?
loc:other where are some great educational resources for parents and teachers ?
num:count how many israeli athletes were killed at the munich olympics ?
enty:termeq what is the scotch `` for people who know the difference '' ?
num:date when was richard nixon born ?
loc:other what new york city landmark has 168 steps to its crown ?
loc:other where is the bulls basketball team based ?
num:period what is the recomended age to switch a child from a crib to a bed ?
hum:ind which rockefeller was sometimes called `` jdr3 '' ?
num:date when is the sun closest to the earth ?
desc:desc what are some chemical properties of mendelevium ?
num:count what is the average hours per months spent online by aol users ?
hum:ind whom did friz freleng add to the warner bros. cartoon ranks ?
desc:desc what is the origin of the word `` sideburns '' ?
enty:event the trials resulting from world war ii are known as what ?
enty:event what started in 1849 when gold was discovered at sutter 's mill ?
desc:def what is a first world country ?
hum:ind who was shakespeare 's moorish general ?
loc:mount what 's the second-highest mountain in the world ?
loc:country what country was erich honecker the leader of ?
desc:manner how does salt melt ice and snow ?
loc:city what two japanese cities are spelled with the letters k , o , o , t and y ?
desc:def what does laser stand for ?
hum:ind who taught matt murdock to use his extraordinary abilities in marvel comics ?
loc:other where did wile e. coyote always get his devices ?
num:dist how far away is the moon ?
hum:ind what famous film and tv cowboy lent his name to a fast food chain ?
desc:def what is mandibulofacial dysostosis ?
desc:reason what was the reason for the partition of the anglican and vatican churches ?
desc:def what is butterfield 8 in butterfield 8 ?
hum:ind who famously rode to warn the people of massachusetts that the british were coming ?
abbr:exp what is dtmf ?
enty:cremat name a movie that the actress , sandra bullock , had a role in .
enty:other what blew up at lakehurst , new jersey , on may 6 , 1977 ?
hum:ind who commanded the french forces at the battle of orleans ?
loc:other where can an individual get a contact lens tested that burned the entire surface of eye when new ?
loc:country what countries does the mont blanc tunnel join ?
enty:veh what ill-fated craft was captained by ernst lehmann ?
num:date when did amtrak begin operations ?
num:count how many bones are in the human hand ?
num:count how many chemical elements are there ?
loc:state what eastern state sprouted the first commercial nuclear power plant in the u.s. ?
loc:country what are the three most populated countries in the world ?
hum:ind who led the opposition when konrad adenauer was chancellor in germany ?
num:count what is the current population for these countries : france , spain , italy , greece , austria , germany , switzerland , the netherlands ?
num:period what is the youngest age a boy or girl can have an orgasm ?
enty:color what color is the lipstick on boy george 's wax lips at london 's madame tussaud 's ?
desc:desc what is the origin of the candy cane at christmas ?
enty:product what is the brand name of a chemical used to control ripening ?
enty:animal what terror of the sea did johnny horton sing about ?
loc:other what is the largest office block in the world ?
hum:ind who turned all he touched to gold ?
enty:dismed what is the medical term for cancer of the blood ?
hum:ind who plays shortstop for charlie brown 's baseball team ?
loc:country what country did the romans call hibernia ?
hum:ind who was the most famous food editor of the new york times ?
num:count how many dogs pull a sled in the iditarod ?
enty:termeq what 's a male witch called ?
num:period how long does cocaine stay in your system ?
loc:country what two countries fought the hundred years ' war ?
hum:ind who was the last u.s. president to reinstate selective service registration ?
num:date on which dates does the running of the bulls occur in pamplona , spain ?
hum:ind what was the name of the lawyer who represented randy steven craft ?
desc:desc what happens to used motor oil ?
enty:word what is the most commonly used 1 letter word in the english language ?
hum:ind what actress 's autobiography is titled shelley : also known as shirley ?
num:count how many colors was the 1940s collectible called a donald duck rubber boat ?
desc:manner how did the 7th inning stretch get started ?
hum:ind who lived on the shores of the gitchee gumee river ?
enty:other what did tristan come back as ?
loc:country what country will hit the year 2 first ?
enty:color what colors make up a rainbow ?
enty:event what war did johnny reb and billy yank fight ?
hum:ind who is section manager for guidance and control systems at jpl ?
hum:ind what is goldfinger 's first name ?
loc:other what square is the geographical center of london ?
hum:ind which of the following famous people does not paint as a hobby ?
loc:city what is the most populated city in the world ?
num:count how many pitchers occupy the shelf beside the crouching woman in edgar degas 's 1886 painting the tub ?
num:money what is the cost of the drugs used in tuberculosis treatments ?
abbr:exp what does jessica mean ?
enty:event what famed gangland slaughter cut into the membership of bugs moran 's outfit ?
enty:instru ray charles is best known for playing what instrument ?
loc:other where did victor hugo spend his exile ?
desc:desc what was nine tailors , the television show from 1974 , about ?
desc:manner how does the elongated man know a mystery is afoot ?
enty:food what food of the three bears did goldilocks eat ?
desc:def what is boston kreme ?
hum:ind who should i call to get a tour of the new york stock exchange ?
num:count how many airline schools are there in the u.s. ?
hum:ind what u.s. general died december 1 , 1945 , when his jeep collided with a truck ?
desc:def what is a swatch ?
desc:def what does ouija mean ?
num:count how many major nazi leaders went on trial after the war at nuremberg ?
enty:animal what kind of fish is a coney ?
loc:state what state did helen keller call home ?
hum:ind what was the name of the director of the movie `` jaws '' ?
desc:desc what steps can be taken to prevent diabetes ?
desc:desc what were the first words spoken on a film sound track ?
num:date what year is etched on the gold medal of excellence from the paris exposition depicted on a can of campbell 's tomato soup ?
loc:country what country 's royal house is bourbon-parma ?
enty:cremat what film was jude law in ?
hum:ind who portrayed w.c. fields in the film w.c. fields and me ?
enty:other what were the ceremony traditions like during the elizabethian times ?
hum:gr which college did dikembe mutombo play basketball at ?
enty:dismed what is a fear of going to bed ?
desc:desc where did the saying `` rule of thumb '' come from ?
desc:reason why does sound travel quicker through water than air ?
num:money how much money does the sultan of brunei have ?
loc:country what country would you visit to ski in the dolomites ?
num:date what month 's third weekend is the monterey jazz festival held on ?
desc:def what is the `` global economy '' ?
hum:ind who built the first successful stern wheel steamboat ?
desc:def what is a caul ?
hum:ind who was hitler 's minister of propaganda ?
hum:ind who was the first doctor to successfully transplant a liver ?
desc:def what does the theory of quantum leaps mean in simpler terms ?
desc:def what is a bone marrow transplant ?
desc:desc what is the difference between a classical and an acoustic guitar ?
loc:city what african capital is named for a u.s. president ?
enty:lang what is the name of a language spoken by the sioux ?
loc:other what mediterranean island is home to the first club med ?
enty:other what does an edentulous smile lack ?
enty:dismed what is a fear of jealousy ?
loc:other where can you find the venus flytrap ?
enty:cremat what is the largest sculpture in the world ?
num:date when was john d. rockefeller born ?
loc:other what building built in 18 contains 327 miles of book shelves ?
desc:def what is home banking ?
enty:cremat what william makepeace thackeray novel was made into a film by stanley kubrick ?
hum:ind who was the lawyer for randy steven craft ?
desc:manner how do hermit crabs reproduce ?
hum:ind who is reputed to be the greatest maker of violins ?
desc:manner how do you stop junk snail mail ?
hum:ind what future soviet dictator was training to be a priest when he got turned on to marxism ?
num:period how long does james bond like his eggs boiled ?
loc:city what u.s. city 's skyline boasts the gateway arch ?
loc:other where is belize located ?
enty:termeq what 's the common name for a japanese dwarf tree ?
enty:cremat what did thomas paine write ?
hum:ind who sued the dannon yougurt company for using a character named ron raider for promotion ?
hum:ind who was the first jockey to ride two triple crown winners ?
enty:cremat what lewis carroll book introduced humpty dumpty to the world ?
hum:ind who wrote brave new world ?
loc:state what state does charles robb represent ?
desc:def what is hydroelectricity ?
num:count how many people are taller than 7 feet ?
hum:ind who wrote unsafe at any speed ?
num:count how many islands make up antigua ?
desc:manner how does an abacus work ?
desc:reason what causes rust ?
enty:dismed what is the fear of the computer called ?
enty:techmeth what is a technique popularly used to detect birth defects ?
loc:state what u.s. state boasts stone mountain , the world 's largest mass of exposed granite ?
hum:ind what british commander surrendered to george washington at yorktown in 1781 ?
desc:desc what according to the kinsey institute , is the sexual preference of four percent of american males ?
hum:ind who created the world wide web , www ?
enty:techmeth what is the procedure called for drilling a hole in your skull to acheive a higher consciousness ?
hum:ind what is the name of the president of garmat u.s.a ?
enty:cremat what was the name of the television show , starring karl madsen , that had san francisco in the title ?
hum:ind who were leaders of the byzantine empire ?
hum:ind who was the first president to appoint a woman to head a cabinet ?
desc:def what is splatterpunk ?
desc:desc what is the orgin of xoxoxox ?
hum:gr who built the first pyramid ?
loc:country what southeast asian country has the wang river joining the ping river at tak ?
loc:city what italian city of 155 were leonardo da vinci , michaelangelo , and machiavelli all working in ?
enty:color what color tennis balls are used at wimbledon ?
enty:termeq what is a 2-sided object called ?
hum:gr name a french fascist party .
enty:event name the french historical period during the reign of napoleon iii .
enty:cremat what movie has made the most money ?
desc:def what is time ?
num:count how many states have a lottery ?
loc:city what is the name of the largest city in chile , south america ?
enty:other what are you caught in if a haboob blows up ?
num:perc what ratio of children of ages between two and eleven watch ` the simpsons ' ?
num:count how many cities are there in utah ?
hum:gr what famous meat company went out of business because it became known that the underworld had been selling them kangaroo meat ?
num:count how many visitors go to the vatican each year ?
num:other what is the population of mexico ?
desc:manner how do you get silly putty out of fabric ?
loc:other what is the best online games site ?
desc:reason why is the word `` abbreviation '' so long ?
num:date what century did art 's romantic period begin in ?
num:count how many spaces follow a period at the end of a sentence ?
desc:def what is a cake of soap ?
num:date in what year was the berlin wall erected ?
num:weight what is the weight of a teaspoon of matter in a black hole ?
num:weight what is the approximate weight of a teaspoon of matter in a black hole ?
abbr:exp what does msg stand for ?
loc:other on what avenue is the original saks department store located ?
loc:other where does the song anything goes take place ?
loc:other where was the first zoo in the u.s. ?
num:dist how far is yaroslavl from moscow ?
enty:other what is april 's gemstone ?
hum:ind what is the present pope named ?
hum:ind who is the nebbish that is marvel 's official mascot ?
enty:food what powdered soft drink mix went into space ?
enty:other what did the chinese emperor present to the english soldier gordon in recognition of his services in quelling rebellions ?
enty:lang what is one of the languages spoken by the sioux called ?
num:count how many bytes are in a terabyte ?
hum:ind who sang the song `` hooked on a feeling '' in the dancing baby episode of `` ally mcbeal '' ?
enty:techmeth in what ways did ivan iv support russian expansion ?
num:weight approximately how much does a teaspoon of matter weigh in a black hole ?
loc:country what country 's flag is field green ?
enty:sport what sport is known for hooligans ?
hum:ind who was the columbia pictures head who forged actor cliff robertson 's name on a $1 , 000 check ?
hum:desc who was damocles ?
enty:sport what sport was the first televised in the u.s. ?
hum:ind name dondi 's adoptive grandfather .
num:date when was the congress of vienna ?
desc:desc what are the lyrics to `` smelly cat '' ?
num:count how much folic acid should a pregnant woman get each day ?
num:date what year was the first automobile manufactured ?
num:count how many colonies did germany get to keep after world war i ?
num:count how many states have a `` lemon law '' for new automobiles ?
hum:ind whose biography by maurice zolotow is titled shooting star ?
enty:event what concerts are held in new york this week ?
hum:ind in the movie groundshog day what is the name of the character played by andie macdowell ?
desc:desc what are the requirements for becoming a citizen of australia ?
num:period how old is benny carter ?
hum:gr what are the top ten all-time money making nfl teams ?
enty:other what were hairy bank notes in the fur trade ?
loc:other where can i read about chiang kai-shek ?
desc:def what is idealab ! ?
loc:country what country borders the most others ?
abbr:exp what does the e stand for in the equation e=mc2 ?
loc:other what river runs through colorado , kansas , and oklahoma ?
enty:veh which airplane did fawaz younis hijack ?
desc:def what is win rah ?
desc:reason why is the moon different sizes and colors ?
hum:gr what college enlivens hanover , new hampshire ?
abbr:exp what does vcr stand for ?
desc:manner how close a cousin was franklin d. to theodore roosevelt ?
enty:cremat name a novel written by john steinbeck .
hum:ind who was the first american citizen awarded the albert medal of the society of arts ?
hum:ind what doctor is synonymous with footwear and foot care ?
desc:manner how do boats float ?
num:other what are the shoe sizes of o 'neal , jordan , and mutombo , the nba players ?
hum:ind who founded the unification church ?
num:count how many zeros are there in a trillion ?
enty:event what was the name of the crimean meeting of roosevelt , churchill , and stalin ?
hum:title what are the only players eligible to score points in roller derby called ?
num:other what are the statistics for drunken drivers in maryland ?
hum:ind what ill-fated american general dragged a bull terrier named willie through world war ii ?
num:other what 's the score of a forfeited baseball game ?
loc:other where does tuberculosis come from ?
hum:ind who invented the lawnmower ?
loc:other where can i find lyrics for r&b ?
enty:animal what is the name of david letterman 's dog ?
hum:ind what u.s. senator once played basketball for the new york knicks ?
enty:sport what are the titles of some r-rated sony playstation games ?
enty:symbol what playing card symbolizes death ?
desc:def what is an urban legend ?
hum:ind what is li 'l abner 's last name ?
num:count how many liberty bells have there been ?
loc:country what two countries are separated by the bering strait ?
desc:def what is smartnet ?
enty:termeq what is a synonym for aspartame ?
loc:country jackson pollock is of what nationality ?
desc:def what are vermicilli , rigati , zitoni , and tubetti ?
enty:product name the product that is `` at your grocer 's , at your fingertips . ''
hum:ind what architect originated the glass house designed the chicago federal center had a philosophy of `` less is more , '' and produced plans that were the forerunner of the california ranch house ?
num:count how many russians have landed on the moon ?
enty:food which thrilled taste buds first - snickers or 3 musketeers ?
enty:animal what animal do buffalo wings come from ?
desc:reason what is the purpose of the sysrq key on my computer keyboard ?
num:date when was franklin d. roosevelt stricken with polio ?
desc:manner how do you find out what is allowed to claim as a contibution for income tax purposes ?
desc:manner how do you build a solar car for a high school experiment ?
loc:other where on the internet can i get chemicals importers ?
loc:country what was the first country to put a second woman in space ?
enty:other what was the 24-disc john gabel entertainer the first example of , in 1960 ?
desc:def what is the feudal system ?
hum:ind who shared a new york city apartment with roger maris the year he hit 61 home runs ?
enty:termeq what 's the geographic term for the submerged fringe of a continent ?
loc:other what prison is found in ossining , new york ?
loc:country what country has declared one-fifth of its territory off-limits to russians ?
desc:desc what is the main application of sodium hydrosulfite ?
enty:cremat name the story by chris van allsburg in the which a boy tries to become a great sailor ?
enty:other what are the components of polyester ?
enty:product what product features a frog that says `` dig 'em '' ?
hum:ind who is the director of intergovernmental affairs for the san diego county ?
hum:ind what hall of fame pitcher started three world series games for the new york yankees in 1962 ?
loc:other what is the longest river in the united states ?
abbr:exp what does the channel espn stand for ?
loc:other what river is windsor castle on ?
enty:product what is the best brand for a laptop computer ?
loc:other where is natchitoches , louisiana ?
desc:def what do pointed letters mean to a handwriting analyst ?
hum:gr what political party is sinn fein a part of ?
enty:event what was franklin roosevelt 's program for economic recovery called during the great depression ?
hum:ind what is the name of a greek god ?
loc:city what 's the capital of taiwan ?
enty:other what did englishman john hawkins begin selling to new world colonists in 1562 ?
num:money what is the starting salary for beginning lawyers ?
hum:ind what was the man 's name who was killed in a duel with aaron burr ?
enty:other what did louis cartier invent for aviator santos dumont in 1940 ?
num:money what will the california gas tax be in the year 2000 ?
loc:city what city is served by tempelhol airport ?
hum:ind who directed the first woody woodpecker cartoon ?
abbr:exp cnn is an acronym for what ?
desc:desc what is the origin of the name igor ?
enty:cremat what was the first gilbert and sullivan opera ?
hum:ind what two historical figures , who fought each other in a famous battle , each have a food named after them ?
loc:other where in the united states do people live the longest ?
loc:country what country in 1998 had the most suicides regardless of population size ?
num:money what is the price for tuberculosis drugs ?
num:money what was the first minimum wage ?
desc:desc what is the difference between a college and a university ?
enty:substance what substance did joseph priestley name for its ability to erase pencil marks ?
desc:desc what are the limits to `` self-defense ? ''
desc:manner how can i get my product licensed by the nba ?
enty:food what fast food is prepared with a `` secret blend of 11 herbs and spices ? ''
desc:desc what effect does a prism have on light ?
num:count how many people lived in nebraska in the mid 1900s ?
desc:def what is software piracy ?
num:date what year was janet jackson 's first album released ?
desc:manner how do you calculate the change in enthalpy of a chemical reaction ?
hum:ind name of heroine in `` scruples '' ?
num:count how many movies has drew barrymore been in ?
hum:ind what tv character sired a horse named thunder ?
desc:desc what are some children 's rights ?
loc:other what is the name of the planet that the ewoks live on ?
hum:ind what baseball player was known as charley hustle ?
hum:ind who killed lee harvey oswald ?
enty:symbol what 's the symbol for the zodiacal sign gemini ?
hum:desc who was red grange ?
hum:gr what hockey team did wayne gretzky play for ?
enty:event what series of trials followed world war ii ?
hum:gr what ivy league school plays its home games at palmer stadium ?
hum:ind who invented the fax machine ?
num:dist how wide is the atlantic ocean ?
desc:manner how is the element strontium purified ?
enty:termeq what was the eighth day following the nones in each month of the roman calendar called ?
hum:ind who wrote the poem that starts `` i love your lips when they 're wet with wine and red with a warm desire '' ?
hum:ind what singer 's theme song was when the moon comes over the mountain ?
desc:manner how did peabody and sherman travel through time ?
hum:desc who was santos-dumont ?
num:count how many meters are in a mile ?
enty:dismed what is a fear of money ?
num:count about how many soldiers died in world war ii ?
hum:ind who is rocky 's and bullwinkle 's ever-lost friend ?
hum:desc who is robin williams ?
hum:ind who thought he 'd never see a poem lovely as a tree ?
hum:ind who created `` the muppets '' ?
desc:manner how do you make dumplings ?
loc:other what celestial body has a diameter of 864 , 000 miles ?
enty:termeq the operating system that runs on ibm-compatible machines is called what ?
hum:gr what was the ventura county police department that seized the county 's largest amount of cocaine ever ?
enty:animal what is the name of the family circus 's dog ?
enty:other what did martin luther post on the church door at wittenberg ?
desc:def what is the meaning of the name kathryn ?
hum:ind name one of the major gods of hinduism .
loc:country what country borders denmark to the south ?
desc:desc what should you do for an ankle sprain ?
enty:other what dropped 1 , 313 feet in 1980 ?
enty:dismed what is the name of the vaccine for chicken pox ?
hum:ind what two us biochemists won the nobel prize in medicine in 1992 ?
hum:gr what record company was formed by herb alpert and jerry moss ?
loc:other where do you find the answers for all these questions ?
desc:def what is thermal equilibrium ?
enty:termeq what is a term for behavior , appearance , or expression that violates the accepted standards of sexual morality ?
hum:gr what fast-food magnate 's initials graced the left sleeve of the san diego padres ' baseball uniforms in 1984 ?
desc:desc what is the origin of the typing practice sentence `` now is the time for all good men to come to the aid of their country '' ?
num:count how many neurons are in the human brain ?
enty:dismed what is a fear of reptiles ?
enty:cremat what does knight ridder publish ?
loc:city what city is . kdge radio located in ?
enty:other what can one see in reims ?
desc:manner how is an executioner determined ?
loc:city what city was bobby kennedy assassinated in ?
enty:other what 's the highest possible bid in contract bridge ?
desc:def what is the medical condition of hypertension ?
loc:other what london museum features a chamber of horrors ?
loc:city what city is served by mccarren airport ?
num:count how many lakes are there on the earth ?
desc:def what is doegs ?
hum:ind who else was considered for the role of luke skywalker when george lucas was casting for star wars ?
num:period how long does a fly live ?
enty:religion what two major world religions began in india ?
num:weight how many pounds are there in a stone ?
enty:dismed what kind of poisoning is known as plumbism ?
enty:other what is the greatest source of `` white '' magic in the marvel universe ?
desc:manner how do i find if my relatives were on the trail of tears ?
num:other what amount of folic acid should an expectant mother take daily ?
desc:manner how do you select wine ?
hum:ind who was the king who signed the magna carta ?
num:count how many miles is it from frankfurt , germany to salzburg , austria ?
num:count how many chairs are shown in vincent van gogh 's 188 work the artist 's room in arles ?
enty:dismed what is a fear of stings ?
enty:cremat jude law was in what movie ?
loc:state what state on the gulf of mexico has its lowest point five feet below sea level ?
enty:veh what was the name of robert fulton 's most famous steamboat ?
loc:other where can i find a case on americans with disabilities act of 199 ?
hum:ind who is the leader of india ?
hum:ind who is the prophet that is most connected to the dead sea ?
num:perc what are the chances of pregnacy if the penis does not penetrate the vagina ?
desc:def what is infomatics ?
desc:reason what is the purpose of bios ?
loc:other where is the keck telescope ?
enty:cremat what is the name of the kids ' show from canadian public tv with the singing pineapple ?
loc:other where are the apartments in saint john , new brunswick ?
hum:ind who wrote `` the pit and the pendulum '' ?
loc:country what country did the mau mau uprising take place in ?
loc:other what are some good medical sites for information ?
enty:other what does a resurrectionist steal ?
desc:reason why did the shea & gould law firm leave los angeles ?
hum:gr what is the best art and design school in the world ?
enty:food what two vegetables are combined in succotash ?
hum:ind who is the incredible hulk in reality ?
abbr:exp what does nasa stand for ?
enty:dismed which infectious disease kills the most people worldwide ?
num:date what month did the edmund fitzgerald sink ?
hum:gr what manufacturers are there in texas ?
hum:ind who are the presidents of mexico and indonesia ?
hum:ind who played al jolson in the jolson story ?
desc:def what is a pig in a poke ?
loc:other where were the 196 summer olympics held ?
loc:other where is los vegas ?
loc:country name the country which honecker lived in .
loc:state what u.s. state are the finger lakes in ?
desc:def what is a cullion ?
loc:city what are the ten safest american cities for pedestrians ?
hum:ind what tv detective did craig stevens play ?
desc:reason what are the most common causes of death in the u.s. ?
loc:other where can i find a picture of a blue meanie ?
hum:gr what university fired angela davis ?
loc:state what u.s. state does the continental divide leave to enter canada ?
hum:ind in the past 8 years who have the mvp players for the nhl been ?
enty:other in ad 999 , what sort of celebrations , fears , were there ?
hum:ind who played emperor palpatine in star wars ?
loc:other what 's the name of the wilkes plantation in gone with the wind ?
desc:reason why is the universe flat , if it started by an explosion , shouldn 't it be a sphere ?
loc:other where is the statistical abstract of the united states online ?
desc:def what is barnstorming ?
enty:animal what 's the dumbest domesticated animal ?
desc:desc what was the importance of magellan ?
num:date when was the brandenburg gate in berlin built ?
desc:manner what do i have to do to get good grades in school ?
hum:ind whose husbands have included conrad hilton jr. , and michael wilding ?
abbr:abb what does the number `` 5 '' stand for on fubu clothing ?
hum:ind who is king in alley oop 's home of moo ?
enty:food what four tastes can a human distinguish ?
hum:gr what is `` the airline built for professional travelers '' ?
enty:veh what two vessels fought the first sea battle between iron-covered ships ?
num:count how much of the silver production is manufactured by independent silversmiths ?
num:perc what percentage of the silver production is done by independent silversmiths ?
desc:desc what is the origin of the term `` buffalo wings '' that is used as a menu item in bars across the nation for chicken wings in a spicey sauce ?
num:date what date is boxing day ?
num:count how many inches tall is stuart little at birth ?
enty:cremat what 1953 film won frank sinatra a best supporting actor oscar ?
num:count how many stradivarius violins were ever made ?
desc:desc what type of childhood did jules verne have ?
hum:ind who invented the stock ticker in 1870 ?
desc:def what is a leper ?
loc:other what was einstein 's birthplace ?
enty:other what was george washington afraid of ?
num:date what century 's the setting for tv 's the adventures of robin hood ?
hum:ind who wrote the bible ?
enty:cremat what are the top 5 fiction books of all time ?
desc:def what are the `` star wars '' satellites ?
hum:desc who is henry butler ?
num:money what debts did qintex group leave ?
hum:ind which u.s. president is buried in washington , d.c. ?
enty:termeq what is the term for someone who hates mankind ?
enty:other what did san francisco 's milt harper grow that measured 24 inches from tip to tip in 1974 ?
hum:gr what college did dikembe mutombo play basketball for ?
loc:other where are the austerlitz and victor hugo subway stops ?
loc:other where did ty cobb grow up ?
desc:def what is a philanthropist ?
desc:def what is a portal ?
enty:cremat what tom wolfe book is about the mercury astronauts ?
enty:food what cooking oil has `` corn goodness '' ?
num:money what is the per-capita income of colombia , south america ?
num:count how many types of cheese are there in france ?
num:count how many `` eyes '' does a coconut have ?
num:count how many websites are there in the world ?
enty:termeq what is the term that describes a word where only one usage has been recorded in all literature ?
hum:gr who made the first airplane ?
enty:techmeth what measures did clinton take to avoid the draft ?
enty:termeq what are `` darning needles '' and `` horse stingers '' better known as ?
num:count how many points is a disk in the center hole worth in crokinole ?
desc:manner how do websites like yahoo and excite make money ?
loc:other what general direction does the journey in around the world in 80 days proceed in ?
desc:manner how do they produce vitamins ?
hum:ind the lawyer who represented randy craft , what was his name ?
enty:food what do penguins eat ?
hum:gr what organization is the security council a part of ?
loc:mount what is new england 's highest mountain ?
enty:cremat what tv station did mary richards work for ?
desc:def what does idle mean ?
desc:reason what was the claim to fame of the football game that saw fordham defeat waynesburg state 12601 on september 3 , 1939 ?
desc:def what is a serigraph ?
enty:sport what football bowl game 's first queen was hallie woods ?
hum:ind who was the first black to be head coach of a major league pro sports team ?
hum:desc who is john macarthur , 1767-1834 ?
num:date what year did the war of 1812 begin ?
enty:animal what racehorse won an associated press poll as the greatest horse of the 20th century ?
desc:desc what are the words to the cd eminem 's , or slim shady , `` my name is '' ?
enty:termeq what does final four refer to in the sports world ?
hum:desc who is peter weir ?
enty:cremat what medium is stuart hamblen the first singing cowboy in ?
desc:def what is the meaning of `` subaru ? ''
num:count how many verses are in the bible ?
desc:def what is endometriosis ?
desc:def what is a geoscientist ?
hum:ind what robust u.s. president imported his own instructor after seeing a judo match ?
enty:food what are all the different types of pizza ?
desc:reason from what cause does tuberculosis stem ?
loc:country in what nation is edessa located nowadays ?
loc:country name a country that is developing a magnetic levitation railway system ?
abbr:exp what does btu mean ?
hum:gr what government department did the untouchables work for ?
enty:food what drink is made up of rum , coconut milk and pineapple ?
desc:def what is the vdrl test of blood ?
num:code what seven digits follow the area code in the number for long distance information ?
hum:ind what was the player 's name who played nose tackle for the eagles in super bowl xv ?
loc:other where is the largest dam in the world ?
hum:ind who held the endurance record for women pilots in 1929 ?
hum:title what did andy hardy 's father do for a living ?
num:perc independent silversmith 's account for what percentage of silver production ?
desc:reason why is hockey so violent ?
loc:other in what part of the world is mozambique ?
hum:ind who are woody woodpecker 's niece and nephew ?
enty:cremat what film opens with an assassin tumbling from the seattle space needle ?
hum:ind who created maudie frickett ?
desc:def what is a leaky heart valve ?
desc:manner how can i give myself a french manicure ?
hum:ind who was the first english circumnavigator of the globe ?
desc:def what is the definition of the scrabble word ` syzygy ' ?
num:money what is the salary of a u.s. representative ?
hum:gr who made the largest cocaine seizure in ventura county history ?
loc:other what man-made waterways is 1.76 miles long ?
hum:ind who liberated 19th century sicily and naples ?
loc:other on what river is strasbourg built ?
num:count what 's the maximum length , in inches , of a first baseman 's glove ?
loc:country what country is located at 13 degrees north latitude and 10 degrees east longitude ?
loc:other where are the busiest ports in the world ?
num:count what is the pig population of the world ?
desc:manner how does the car in `` christine '' become possessed ?
loc:city what city does mccarren airport serve ?
num:count what is the most number of goals scored by a single team in an nhl hockey game ?
desc:def what are the low countries ?
enty:animal what rabbit got its name because its ears resembled those of a jackass ?
enty:termeq aspartame is also called what ?
enty:dismed what is a fear of trees ?
hum:ind what actor has a tattoo on his right wrist reading scotland forever ?
num:count how many dollars a day did arthur frommer say you could get by on in europe in 1968 ?
enty:event what holidays or observances are celebrated in italy ?
hum:ind who appointed the chair of the federal reserve ?
desc:reason why do people shake hands to show friendliness ?
abbr:exp in a computer , what does scsi mean ?
enty:food to get the most caffeine , what soda should i drink ?
desc:reason why do they call it a `` funny bone '' ?
loc:other where can i find up-to-date coastal ocean surface temperature information , preferably along north america and the caribbean ?
desc:def what exactly is radiation ?
loc:city what are the two cities in dicken 's `` a tale of two cities '' ?
hum:desc who is samuel f. pickering ?
hum:ind what english queen had six fingers on one hand ?
loc:other what river runs through liverpool ?
enty:food what kind of nuts are used in marzipan ?
num:date when did mount st. helens last erupt ?
enty:other what does a polyorchid man have at least three of ?
desc:desc what exactly , specifically does sleep do for you ?
num:date when was child labor abolished ?
num:count how many three-letter permutations can be made from the four letters : c ?
num:date what time of year is air travel the heaviest ?
desc:def what does a red flag mean in auto racing ?
loc:other what 's the longest river in canada ?
desc:def what is osteichthyes ?
hum:ind what tennis player has the nickname `` nasty '' ?
desc:manner how do you do a topic outline ?
hum:ind what non-conformist abstract painter was dubbed jack the dripper by time ?
num:count how many furlongs are there in a mile-and-a-quarter recetrack ?
num:count how many millimeters are in a mile ?
num:volsize how big is a baby bald eagle ?
enty:color what color is most often used to symbolize truth ?
enty:cremat stuart hamblen is considered to be the first singing cowboy of what ?
num:count what was the great britain population from 1699-172 ?
desc:manner how can a foreigner get a u.s. social security card ?
enty:termeq what is the term for the sum of all genetic material in a given organism ?
enty:cremat what is the best-selling television soundtrack of all time ?
loc:mount what mountain range marks the border of france and spain ?
enty:cremat what late-night tv show features larry , bud , melman and toast on a stick ?
enty:product what is the fastest computer ?
hum:ind who founded the modern theory of probability ?
enty:termeq what 's the term for a limestone deposit rising from the floor of a cave ?
num:count how many people did randy craft murder ?
hum:ind who 's the king of swing ?
hum:ind what bestselling modern poet was the co-founder of the famous city lights bookshop in san francisco ?
desc:def what does the term glory hole mean ?
hum:ind what south vietnamese president was assassinated by his generals in 1963 ?
desc:def what 's the staff of life mentioned in the lord 's prayer ?
num:period how old is too old for a child to not be talking ?
num:date when was the hoover dam constructed ?
enty:other what ability has the silkworm moth lost through domestication ?
desc:desc what do you need to do to marry someone in jail ?
num:count how many tenths of the earth 's surface lie under water ?
num:perc what is the pennsylvania state income tax rate ?
desc:manner how does marl form and what mineral does it contain ?
hum:ind who won the 1968 california democratic primary ?
hum:ind who spoke the only word in mel brooks 's silent movie ?
enty:dismed what is a fear of sourness ?
hum:ind what was thatcher 's first name ?
desc:manner how do i get my lan card activated so that it can hook up to another computer without using a hub ?
desc:desc what do insects do through their spiracles ?
hum:gr name the fast food chain with the golden arches .
enty:lang what are the languages spoken by the natives in afghanistan ?
desc:desc what is the origin of boxing day ?
enty:cremat what robert louis stevenson novel was inspired by deacon william brodie , a cabinetmaker by day and burglar by night ?
enty:dismed what is a fear of rejection ?
desc:desc what was the rallying cry of the early american revolutionaries ?
hum:ind who was the first russian astronaut to walk in space ?
enty:product what is the best selling computer model ever ?
enty:dismed what is a fear of food ?
hum:ind who wrote ` dubliners ' ?
num:period what is the life expectancy of an elephant ?
desc:desc what are the short- and long-term effects of underage drinking ?
desc:reason what 's the claim to fame of night watchman frank wills ?
enty:other name of king arthur 's sword ?
enty:cremat what 1981 candice bergen-jacqueline bisset movie was a remake of 1943 's old acquaintance ?
hum:ind who is malaysia 's 43rd prime minister ?
hum:ind who founded the first aerodynamics laboratory in 1912 ?
num:money what is the fare cost for the round trip between new york and london on concorde ?
desc:def what is a bone marrow transplant meant for ?
desc:def what does the name calder mean ?
hum:ind who said `` give me liberty or give me death '' ?
loc:other what is the location of mccarren airport ?
abbr:exp what does the abbreviation oas stand for ?
enty:termeq what is the nickname of the cleveland indians ?
enty:cremat what frederick forsyth novel chronicles the toppling of an african government by mercenaries ?
desc:reason what makes black hills , south dakota a tourist attraction ?
enty:animal what was the name of baretta 's cockatoo ?
num:money by how much will the california state gas tax rise by the year 2000 ?
hum:gr what 's japan 's largest car manufacturer ?
hum:ind name of the powerful white trader in conrad 's `` heart of darkness '' ?
num:dist how long is the border between canada and the 48 conterminous states ?
enty:termeq what do you call a date that contains sequencing numbers , like 9-8-98 ?
enty:color what color is the cross on switzerland 's flag ?
loc:other what is the largest island in the mediterranean sea ?
num:money what was joe namath 's first contract worth ?
loc:other where is rider college ?
loc:other where was chop suey invented ?
desc:manner how can i gain access to a spy satelite ?
desc:reason what is archimedes famous for ?
loc:other where does dew come from ?
num:period how old was lucille ball when the show `` i love lucy '' premiered ?
enty:food what 's the most delicate-tasting member of the onion family ?
loc:other what landmark italian restaurant can be found at 239 west 48th street , new york city ?
enty:termeq what do you call a book of quotes ?
num:count how many points is a bullseye worth in darts ?
loc:other what are some mythology websites ?
desc:def what is cunnilingus ?
hum:gr rotary engines were manufactured by which company ?
enty:cremat what 1942 espionage movie reunited director john huston with maltese falconers humphrey bogart , mary astor , and sidney greenstreet ?
loc:country what nationality is ileana cotrubas ?
desc:def what is object-oriented design ?
desc:reason why does a woman have to be a virgin to be a nun ?
num:other what is the population of kansas ?
hum:ind who invented the pull-tab opener on cans ?
hum:ind what is the name of the deranged super-criminal otto octavius uses ?
hum:ind whose acceptance speech of more than 3 minutes prompted a time limit on academy award thank-yous ?
num:count how much coca cola is drunk in one day in the world ?
hum:gr name the tree growing company .
enty:cremat what is dr. seuss ' most popular book ?
desc:manner how does food color affect how you think it will taste ?
loc:other where did the world come from ?
desc:def what does verdandi mean ?
enty:animal what animal dined on bread and oysters with a carpenter ?
loc:other what island group is guadalcanal a part of ?
hum:ind who declared : `` i think i 'll go out and milk the elk '' ?
desc:desc what is the origin of `` barbeque '' ?
desc:manner how do you clean badly tarnished brass ?
num:count how many e-commerce companies are started every day ?
desc:def how can you define time ?
loc:country what 's the only east european country not tied to the ruble ?
num:date what is judy garland 's date of birth ?
abbr:exp what does hiv stand for ?
enty:termeq what is shirley maclaine known as ?
desc:manner how is plastic made ?
enty:techmeth what are the 7 principles of learning from the institute for research on learning , irl ?
enty:cremat what book was f. scott fitzgerald working on when he died in hollywood in 194 ?
desc:manner how do ants have sex ?
hum:ind which former ku klux klan member won an elected office in the u.s. ?
num:dist what is the length of border between the ukraine and russia ?
abbr:exp what is hdlc ?
enty:food what joins white wine to put the spritz in a spritzer ?
desc:def what is a nematode ?
desc:def what is the meaning of `` cpr '' ?
enty:color what color are seven of every 10 houses in the u.s. ?
enty:other what does a phobophobe fear ?
desc:def what is capitalism according to max weber ?
loc:country what country has the highest arson rate ?
enty:color what color beans did the ancient romans refuse to eat ?
enty:techmeth what do sailors use to measure time ?
hum:ind who was the actor who played sam in the movie casablanca ?
loc:city what city does orly airport serve ?
loc:other where did woodstock take place ?
enty:sport what 's the most popular form of gambling with women in las vegas ?
hum:title what task does the bouvier breed of dog perform ?
num:period what is the average time to kiss somene ?
loc:country what are the top five oil-producing countries in the world ?
hum:ind what new orleans d.a. claimed : `` my staff and i solved the assassination weeks ago '' ?
loc:other where can one find rider college ?
num:count how much caffeine is in a 16 oz cup of coffee ?
desc:reason why do oceans contain salt water instead of fresh water ?
enty:other what is bella abzug 's sartorial trademark ?
hum:ind what was the real name of writer ross macdonald , creator of the hero lew archer ?
enty:animal what spider makes a superb pet , even said to recognize its master ?
desc:def what does the word affiant mean ?
enty:veh what vehicles are raced in the tour de france ?
num:volsize how big is australia ?
enty:other what does it take to be a hero ?
desc:manner how do they type chinese characters on a keyboard ?
enty:animal what animal causes the biggest threat to humans ?
enty:dismed what is a fear of ruin ?
loc:country what countries have the most auto thefts ?
hum:ind who makes chicken `` finger lickin '' good ?
hum:ind what director portrayed the commandant of the pow camp in 1953 's stalag 17 ?
hum:ind what are the names of jacques cousteau 's two sons ?
enty:cremat what british tv series inspired all in the family ?
desc:def what does the word terrorism mean ?
hum:ind who accompanied space ghost on his missions ?
desc:def what does n est-ce pas mean ?
enty:word name the 5 words that use all of the letters in the alphabet , except q , with no repeats .
desc:desc what is the origin of the word `` tampon '' ?
hum:ind what world war ii leader declared : `` the blow has been struck '' ?
desc:manner how can i get a cct diagram ?
hum:ind who was israel 's first prime minister ?
enty:color what is the most popular sports car color ?
loc:country what country boasts ismail 's palace and the palace of king farouk ?
enty:cremat what broadway show introduced the song some enchanted evening ?
desc:def what is a plant supplement ?
loc:other where could i go to take a ride on a steam locomotive ?
enty:product what product did william horlick discover and produce ?
hum:title when not adventuring on rann , what does adam strange call his profession ?
desc:manner how do you do a bibliography page ?
hum:title what occupation has the highest divorce rate ?
enty:food what drink contains as many types of rum as possible ?
loc:other where is the virtual desk reference ?
num:other how loud is thunder ?
hum:ind what california governor said : `` inaction may be the highest form of action '' ?
desc:def what is an ecological niche ?
hum:desc who is desmond tutu ?
hum:ind who was the first person to study the stars ?
desc:desc where did the term fireplug come from ?
desc:desc what facial feature did walt disney sport that none of disney 's employees is allowed to ?
hum:ind who is the author of the book , `` the iron lady : a biography of margaret thatcher '' ?
hum:gr what are the top 10 colleges in the united states in the field of engineering ?
num:money how much would a black-and-white 1-cent stamp be worth , thomas jefferson on it ?
num:perc what is the probability that at least 2 out of 25 people will have the same birthday ?
loc:other where is the bridge over the river kwai ?
desc:manner how do vending machines tell if your dollar is a 1 or a 5 ?
num:count how many people did the united nations commit to help restore order and distribute humanitarian relief in somalia in september 1992 ?
num:count how many elephants are left on earth ?
enty:substance what is a softball made of ?
enty:other what `` little red car '' is mentioned in pop singer prince 's hit song ?
hum:ind who did doris day mean when she said : `` i call him ernie because he 's certainly no rock '' ?
enty:animal what kind of species is the monster in the film `` jaws '' ?
num:date when was the first practical commercial typewriter marketed ?
desc:def what is a drought ?
desc:desc what are the benefits of home school ?
loc:country what scandinavian country covers 173 , 732 square miles ?
enty:cremat what is the best-selling book of all time ?
desc:desc what do hank aaron , jimmy stewart , and howard k. smith have in common ?
enty:word what are the first six words of dickens 's a tale of two cities ?
num:period how long would it take to get from earth to mars ?
loc:other where can i get mailing lists ?
loc:city what city boasts the billingsgate fishmarket ?
hum:ind who is the owner of cnn ?
num:period how long was the oj simpson trial ?
loc:country what country lies directly south of detroit ?
loc:other where did surfing originate ?
desc:reason why was henry ford 's first automobile calleda model t & his second type of automobile , introduced in 1928 , called a model a ?
desc:manner how do companies cut paper so thin ?
loc:mount what is the tallest mountain ?
desc:desc what is `` the computer for the rest of us '' ?
desc:desc what nuclear process takes place in an h-bomb ?
num:count what 's the maximum number of clubs a golfer may use in a round ?
enty:other what card suit originally represented the peasant class ?
enty:word what 's the hungarian word for pepper ?
enty:product what does the peugeot company manufacture ?
num:count how many different countries export coffee ?
enty:dismed what is a fear of everything ?
num:count how many continents are there ?
enty:food which mayonnaise refers to itself as `` real '' mayonnaise ?
desc:def what is office automation ?
enty:instru what instrument does benny carter play ?
hum:ind what knighted actor narrates tv 's the world at war ?
enty:techmeth what eating utensils are used for handicapped kids ?
hum:ind what football coach 's story was told in the movie run to daylight ?
hum:gr what businesses in alaska were affected by the exxon valdez oil spill ?
desc:desc what does lloyd 's lutine bell announce ?
num:date when did the chernobyl nuclear accident occur ?
loc:other where did the maya people live ?
enty:other what do opposite faces of a die always add up to ?
hum:ind what was the name of randy craft 's lawyer ?
desc:def what is `` cat scratch fever '' ?
loc:state kosovo is a province of what country ?
loc:state what new england state covers 5.9 square miles ?
abbr:abb what is the abbreviation for original equipment manufacturer ?
num:date hitler came to power in germany in what year ?
hum:ind who markets spaghetti-o 's ?
enty:substance what did the ancients call the four great elements ?
loc:other where are the haversian canals ?
enty:animal what animal 's tail is called a brush ?
num:count how many people die from tuberculosis each year ?
enty:veh what were the names of the three ships used by columbus ?
hum:ind who co-starred with julie andrews in mary poppins ?
loc:other where can i find the status of my tax return ?
num:other what is the horsepower of the shuttle boosters ?
enty:other what is predicted to topple over between 2010 and 2020 ?
desc:manner how do wasps make their nests ?
num:date when was general manuel noriega ousted as the leader of panama and turned over to u.s. authorities ?
num:count how many years of bad luck follow breaking a mirror ?
enty:substance what kind of crystals exist ?
enty:other which is the best opening move in chess ?
enty:food what do ladybugs eat ?
hum:desc who was ezra taft benson ?
enty:substance what is the taj majal made of ?
loc:other where is the kentucky horse park ?
hum:ind what argentine boxer was shot dead outside a nevada brothel in may ?
loc:country what country boasts the most cars per mile of road ?
desc:reason how come a doughnut has a hole in it ?
desc:desc what happened to pompeii ?
enty:other what does a farrier put shoes on ?
enty:lang name a sioux language .
enty:substance what does saliva consist of ?
hum:ind what is jimmy olsen 's full name ?
num:count how many people have died of tuberculosis ?
enty:termeq what is another name for nearsightedness ?
num:count how many days does a typical mayfly live ?
hum:ind what famous new york city mayor wrote the hit song , `` will you love me in december as you do in may ? ''
loc:city what russian city used to be called st. petersburg and petrograd ?
desc:def what is the definition of a witch ?
desc:def what are the cookies in internet ?
num:count how many votes in congress dissented from the 1941 declaration of war with japan ?
hum:ind who is pia zadora 's millionaire husband and mentor ?
hum:ind what u.s. president was the first to breed mules ?
desc:desc what is the difference between molecules and compounds ?
hum:ind what astronomer-architect designed the present st. paul 's cathedral in london ?
desc:reason why are so many umbrellas black ?
hum:ind what feminist wrote sexual politics and flying ?
hum:ind who was the first american world chess champion ?
enty:symbol what is the zodiac sign for august 14 ?
hum:ind who was the last woman executed in england ?
num:count how many school districts are there in the united states ?
num:period how long did the paris commune hold out for against the rest of france ?
hum:gr what university football team did o.j. simpson take to the rose bowl ?
abbr:exp what does snafu stand for ?
enty:color what color is chablis ?
hum:gr what nfl team did vince lombardi end his coaching career with ?
num:count how much iron is in your body ?
desc:desc what is the difference between fatalism and determinism ?
num:date when did thatcher become prime minister ?
loc:other what are some good fractal web sites ?
loc:country what country imposed the berlin blockade in 1948 ?
enty:food what future movie treat was introduced to american colonists in 1603 by native americans ?
desc:manner how do cameras take pictures ?
num:money how much do drugs to treat tuberculosis cost ?
hum:desc who is prince naseem hamed ?
loc:other what kind of habitat does the scorpion live in ?
num:count how many logarithmic scales are there on a slide rule ?
loc:other where is webster university ?
enty:cremat what sports magazine has the largest circulation ?
enty:other what is the legal blood alcohol limit for the state of california ?
num:temp how hot should the oven be when making peachy oat muffins ?
num:period how old is britney spears ?
loc:other where can i get piano music for the jamiroquai song everyday for the midi ?
desc:reason why is microsoft 's windows 3 such a successful computer program ?
loc:country what country 's capital was formed when pesth and buda merged ?
desc:desc what is the origin of u.s. army sergeant 's stripes ?
desc:def what is proposition 98 about ?
loc:city what town was the setting for the music man ?
enty:other what was simple simon fishing for in his mother 's pail ?
enty:cremat what did woody allen call the japanese gangster film he dubbed into english as a comedy ?
desc:reason why does a candle go out when we blow on it ?
hum:title what title does comedian henry youngman claim ?
enty:food what is `` the taste that beats the others cold '' ?
hum:gr who made the first airplane that could fly ?
enty:sport what kind of sports did they play in the years 1642-1649 , the english civil war time ?
loc:other where can i find scientific data , `` research papers , '' on textile engineering ?
desc:reason what makes salt ?
num:count how many people die from snakebite poisoning in the u.s. per year ?
num:dist how high is the city of denver ?
hum:ind who was international olympic committee chairman at the 1936 summer games ?
num:date when was florida admitted into the union ?
hum:gr what company has built more than 2.5 billion little green houses since 1935 ?
num:count how many times a year does the american gourd society publish the gourd ?
loc:other where can i read about abraham lincoln ?
num:money what will the increase be in the california gas tax by 2000 ?
num:dist how far is the longest hole in 1 on any golf course and where did it happen ?
enty:food what whisky is `` known by the company it keeps '' ?
hum:ind what appointments secretary to richard nixon went to jail ?
hum:ind who released the internet worm in the late 1980s ?
hum:ind what is the name of the american who was captured when his plane went down over syrian-held lebanon ?
desc:desc where does the expression `` cloud nine '' come from ?
desc:def what is lung cancer ?
hum:gr what school does tom attend in tom brown 's school days ?
hum:ind what basketball player is credited with 23 , 924 rebounds ?
num:volsize how big is a normal size penis for a 15-year-old ?
enty:termeq what does playboy title its `` continuing dialog on contemporary issues between playboy and its readers '' ?
num:count how many american soldiers remain unaccounted from the vietnam war ?
loc:other where can i find a tape or book to help me say , write and understand japanese ?
num:count how many cables support the main span of the golden gate bridge ?
num:money how much did manchester united spend on players in 1993 ?
loc:other what was the birthplace of edgar allen poe ?
desc:reason why were red m&ms discontinued then brought back ?
enty:other what does it take to become a lawyer ?
hum:ind what american sergeant lost both of his hands in combat during world war ii and then went on to act in a single movie for which he won two oscars ?
hum:ind who invented the fountain ?
loc:other what room did w.c. fields keep his library in ?
desc:reason what causes an earthquake ?
hum:ind what batman character tools around on a batcycle ?
enty:body what are the main blood vessels ?
desc:def what does `` saute '' mean ?
loc:other where can i find the schematics to the windshield wiper mechanism ?
enty:animal what type is a snail ?
hum:ind who was sherlock holmes 's archenemy ?
loc:other where is `` global schoolhouse '' ?
num:count how many years of schooling after highschool does it take to become a neurosurgeon ?
enty:food what are the top vegetable crops in the world ?
loc:other what volcano showers ash on sicily ?
loc:other where are the u.s. headquarters for procter & gamble ?
desc:reason why did the aztecs first think the spanish were gods ?
desc:desc what are the rules to `` snow golf '' ?
enty:termeq what does warner bros. call a flightless cuckoo ?
num:date when did mount st. helen last have a major eruption ?
enty:termeq how do you say `` eat the day '' in latin ?
enty:substance what are super balls made of ?
hum:ind what 's the name of tom sawyer 's aunt with whom he lives ?
enty:cremat what is the fastest-growing comic strip of all time ?
hum:ind which member of the micronauts spent 1 years traveling the microverse in the marvel comics ?
hum:ind what doctor claimed in a 1946 book : `` there is no such thing as a bad boy '' ?
num:period how long has l.l. cool j. been married ?
num:weight how much did a knight 's armor weigh ?
hum:ind what comedian created a punch-drunk pugilist named cauliflower mcpugg ?
enty:cremat what is the movie jonathan livingstone seagull ?
num:dist how tall is prince charles ?
num:weight what is the weight of air ?
enty:dismed what is a fear of children ?
desc:def what is ouzo ?
enty:sport what race is 1 , 137 miles long ?
loc:city what is the capital of uruguay ?
abbr:exp what does the t.s. stand for in t.s. eliot 's name ?
num:dist how long is the world 's largest ship , in meters ?
hum:desc who is william wordsworth ?
desc:def what is making love ?
hum:desc who is charles lindbergh ?
num:dist how tall is the replica of the matterhorn at disneyland ?
loc:other what are the largest deserts in the world ?
loc:other where is qatar ?
desc:reason why are peanut butter cookies topped with crisscrosses ?
loc:state what is the richest state in the u.s. ?
hum:ind who is the prime minister in norway ?
desc:def what is a urologist ?
hum:ind what actress starred in `` the lion in winter '' ?
enty:other what 's bottled in jeroboams ?
hum:ind who won the rugby world cup in ?
hum:title what is nicholas cage 's profession ?
num:count how many times was pitcher , warren spahn , a 20-game winner in his 21 major league seasons ?
num:count how many pins are used in skittles ?
desc:desc what qualifications are there for individuals donating blood ?
loc:other what california bridge was don brown the first to cross , on may 27 , 1937 ?
hum:ind who is the famous sister of actress olivia de havilland ?
hum:ind which german president was pressured into appointing hitler chancellor in 1933 ?
num:count how many people have been killed in wars , armed conflicts ?
desc:desc what is the history of the hairdryer ?
enty:animal which mammal lives , breeds , eats , and sleeps underground ?
enty:other what trade did the 15th and 16th century portuguese hope to control between asia and europe ?
desc:desc what happened in the city of dogtown in 1899 ?
loc:city what was the largest city in the world to declare martial law in 1989 ?
enty:dismed what is a fear of sinning ?
loc:other where is the thomas edison museum ?
num:money what was the first minimum wage ?
loc:mount what is the name of the highest mountain in africa ?
loc:mount what mountain range extends from the gulf of st. lawrence to alabama ?
num:count how many types of lemurs are there ?
enty:plant what are some colorful flowers that will bloom in the fall in new england ?
enty:other what 's the second-most-used murder weapon in the u.s. ?
hum:gr what businesses or agencies would do an employment verification ?
hum:ind what famous coach said `` if you can 't beat 'em in the alley , you can 't beat 'em on the ice '' ?
hum:ind what onetime member of ronald reagan 's cabinet called federal policy toward indians `` an example of the failure of socialism '' ?
num:count how many claws has a lobster called a pistol lost ?
hum:ind who was darth vader 's son ?
enty:lang what are the four most widely-used languages in north america ?
enty:event what war was fought by the spanish as far as the philippines ?
desc:manner how do you make a million bucks ?
hum:ind who invented the process to make condensed milk ?
loc:city what is the largest city in connecticut ?
num:other what is the population of the united states ?
hum:ind what actor and actress have made the most movies ?
desc:def what is the definition of spamming ?
hum:ind who found hawaii ?
abbr:exp what does iq stand for ?
loc:other where can i find free piano scores for popular music ?
num:date when did the american civil war end ?
loc:country what country is the largest diamond producer ?
num:period how long does it take the moon to revolve around the earth ?
enty:food what beer is ` rockin ' america ? ''
enty:dismed what is a fear of women ?
hum:ind who protects dc comics ' realm of dreams ?
enty:termeq what are dinosaur droppings called ?
desc:desc what was the infamous feat of germany 's u-2 submarine ?
enty:cremat what homerian epic chronicles events toward the end of the trojan wars ?
num:date when did the vesuvius last erupt ?
enty:other what is widely used to detect prenatal birth defects ?
num:date when did the supercontinent pangaea break up ?
enty:animal what kind of mammal is a colt ?
hum:ind who created harry lime ?
desc:reason why do many native american students not complete college ?
enty:color what color are a cherry tree 's flowers ?
hum:ind who was president cleveland 's wife ?
enty:animal what class of animals makes up more than two-thirds of known species ?
enty:animal what was the name of sergeant preston of the yukon 's lead dog ?
enty:cremat what film featured a snarly character named kid shelleen ?
hum:gr what company named one of its pens `` the banana '' ?
loc:city what 's the capital of monaco ?
num:weight what do englishmen weigh themselves in ?
num:volsize how big is the electoral college ?
enty:other what is it that walks on four legs , then on two legs , then on three ?
enty:event what is the name of the 1919 occurrence in which british troops killed over 3 unarmed indian protestors ?
hum:ind who invented the moog synthesizer ?
hum:ind who makes the `` die hard '' car battery ?
num:period how long does it take to travel from tokyo to niigata ?
loc:state what state is the filenes store located in ?
desc:manner how does a bill become law ?
num:money what is the starting salary of a radiographer ?
desc:def what is a disaccharide ?
desc:reason colin powell is most famous for what ?
enty:sport what star-faring race brought about the inhumans on marvel 's earth ?
desc:manner how do you buy stocks ?
desc:def what does appropriates money mean ?
hum:ind what is the name of dolly parton 's rarely seen husband ?
loc:other where is the official `` zero '' of the sea level ?
hum:ind whose old london come-on was : `` buy my sweet lavender '' ?
desc:manner how did former wwf wrestler rick rude die ?
hum:ind who wrote the lyrics to porgy and bess ?
desc:def what is a `` false moon '' ?
enty:other what 1976 deep throat clone provides the leading lady with a second larynx ?
enty:other what line of luggage is named after a famous american flier ?
enty:word what is a word whose letters can be rearranged to form a different word ?
num:ord what chapter of gone with the wind has rhett butler leaving scarlett o 'hara ?
num:count how many american actors were nominated for the best actor oscar for 1983 ?
num:date when did lucelly garcia , a former ambassador of columbia to honduras , die ?
enty:animal in hemingway 's `` old man and the sea , '' what kind of fish does the old man catch ?
num:period how long was the longest sneezing attack ?
desc:manner how can i get rich quick ?
desc:manner how is the word ` qigong ' pronounced ?
enty:cremat what program do i need to run a .tbk file ?
loc:other what is the seafaring name for the southern tip of south america ?
hum:ind what two new york yankee pitchers swapped wives and families ?
enty:dismed what are the 10 plagues of egypt ?
desc:desc what is the history of hot wheels cars , and how are they produced ?
enty:termeq what is the rounded part on the top of a matchbook called ?
num:date when did nixon visit china ?
num:date what 's the third month of the gregorian calendar ?
loc:country what country owns corsica ?
num:count how many queen bees reign in a hive ?
enty:sport what sport features slotbacks , tailbacks , and touchbacks ?
enty:food what meat complemented sweet potatoes and peas in the first tv dinner ?
abbr:exp what is ram in the computer ?
desc:def what is a `` repeating voter '' ?
desc:def what are dingoes ?
loc:other where can i find a world atlas map online at no charge ?
enty:cremat what leoncavallo opera features a prologue by a clown ?
desc:manner how can i get someone 's email address ?
num:ord what chapter of the bible has the most verses ?
loc:other what ocean did the titanic sink in ?
desc:manner how did p.t. barnum bill the diminutive charles s. stratton ?
num:date in what year was the wall built ?
hum:ind name one of king henry viii 's wives .
loc:state what southwestern state is dubbed the silver state ?
desc:def what are pomegranates ?
desc:reason why do pharmacists work on raised floors ?
hum:title what does robin williams do ?
loc:country what country did the allies invade in world war ii 's operation avalanche ?
loc:other what famed river was hernando de soto the first european to see ?
enty:sport what chess outcome results when a player has no legal move ?
desc:manner how do they find an epicenter ?
num:date when was christ born ?
loc:other where do quality drinks begin ?
enty:color in order from the top , the four stripes on a can of pepsi are what colors ?
enty:substance what kind of substance is dextropropoxyphen napsylate ?
hum:ind who is the french literary charcter who is chiefly famous for his enormous nose ?
enty:other what were first used by john l. sullivan and james j. corbett in 1892 ?
loc:country what country surrounds san marino , the world 's smallest republic ?
hum:ind who killed martin luther king ?
hum:ind who owns the rights on a tv program ?
desc:reason what did cool hand luke go to jail for ?
desc:desc what was the v-8 juice slogan : `` the tastebud '' ?
enty:cremat what was mae west 's last film ?
enty:letter what letter does gorbachev 's middle name start with ?
hum:ind who invented astroturf ?
desc:reason what makes you fat ?
enty:animal name a flying mammal .
num:date what season does a hiemal activity normally take place in ?
loc:other what direction do the best surfing beaches face ?
num:dist what is the world record for the longest hair ?
enty:word what english word contains the most letters ?
desc:manner how do i know if i 'm jealous of someone ?
hum:ind what democratic prankster waved the train out of the station while richard nixon spoke from the caboose ?
desc:manner how does james bond like his martinis ?
loc:other what california bay 's largest island is angel island ?
enty:veh what was the name of the flight that fawaz younis hijacked ?
hum:ind what former african leader held his country 's boxing title for nine years ?
desc:def what is a wet dream ?
loc:other what california bridge was don brown the first to cross , on may 27 , 1937 ?
hum:gr what camera company said , `` if you haven 't got the time , we 've got the camera ? ''
desc:desc what happened to pepsi clear ?
num:money how much does one ton of cement cost ?
desc:def what is a mexican hairless ?
hum:ind what 2th-century american poet wrote a four-volume biography of abraham lincoln ?
loc:other where is the oldest living thing on earth ?
enty:other what piece of jewelry is pictured on monopoly 's luxury tax space ?
hum:ind who stopped making diary entries on may 31 , 1669 , because he thought he was going blind ?
hum:ind what journalist can be found in and around walden puddle ?
desc:manner how did socrates die ?
num:count how many sides does an obelisk have ?
enty:cremat what was edward albee 's first full-length play ?
enty:other what was lost and regained by poet john milton ?
hum:ind what woman pitcher has struck out ted williams and hank aaron ?
desc:manner how can scientists predict weather by observing clouds ?
enty:cremat what songs were popular in 1948 ?
num:date in what year was the cannon invented ?
num:count how many languages does the pope speak ?
loc:other what bay divides maryland 's eastern and western shores ?
hum:ind what is the real name of the singer , madonna ?
hum:ind what frenchman claimed the following ? if god did not exist , it would be necessary to invent him . ''
enty:color what color were ernest hemingway 's eyes ?
desc:desc what is the origin of the expression `` four-letter word '' ?
hum:ind who was the first woman in space ?
enty:animal what is the only animal that can turn its stomach inside out ?
hum:gr what professional sports league originated the college draft ?
desc:desc what is the difference between a board of directors and an advisory board ?
hum:ind who discovered imaginary numbers ?
hum:ind who does the voices of the simpsons ?
num:count how many feet high is the hurdle in front of a runner 's steeplechase water jump ?
enty:religion what religion has the most members ?
num:count how many calories are there in a glass of water ?
hum:ind who is the richest person in the world , without owning a business ?
abbr:exp what is svhs ?
num:other what is the chemical reactivity of neon ?
loc:other where can i find info on alexander mackenzie ?
desc:desc what is the cultural origin of the ceremony of potlatch ?
loc:city what georgia town did scarlett o 'hara condemn as being full of pushy people ?
num:count how many countries watch mtv europe ?
abbr:exp what is sap ?
enty:other what layer of the atmosphere contains most of the ozone layer ?
num:code what is the airport code for los angeles international ?
desc:reason what was the claim to fame of explorer i , launched february 1 , 1958 ?
desc:reason in the song `` yankee doodle , '' why did yankee doodle stick a feather in his cap and call it macaroni ?
abbr:exp what do the letters ce stand for on so many products , particularly electrical , purchased now ?
loc:other where did the real st. nicholas live ?
hum:gr who manufactures the software , `` photoshop '' ?
num:count how many eyes does a bat have ?
enty:termeq how do you say 2 in latin ?
enty:sport what was dwight eisenhower 's favorite card game ?
enty:other what is the high pitched sound that you hear in your ear every now and then , but then it goes away , after a while ?
desc:desc what is the origin of the word nevermind ?
hum:ind who was the second man to walk on the moon ?
desc:def what is power steering ?
loc:other where did dikembe mutombo go to college ?
hum:ind what author was appointed u.s. ambassador to spain in 1842 ?
loc:other what body of water does the yukon river empty into ?
hum:ind who is westview high 's band director in funky winkerbean ?
desc:manner how does a chick breathe inside an egg ?
loc:other what is mark mcgwire 's e-mail address ?
num:count how many maids were milking ?
loc:city the kentucky horse park is located near what city ?
enty:symbol what is the celtic symbol for `` life '' ?
enty:food what kind of fruit is a yellow transparent ?
enty:cremat what song put james taylor in the limelight ?
enty:food what drink is formed of tequila , orange juice and galliano ?
enty:cremat name four comic strips about pilots .
num:date what geological time do we live in ?
desc:manner how do you dunk ?
loc:other where is the massive north korean nuclear complex located ?
desc:manner how do plants make food ?
loc:other where is microsoft 's corporate headquarters located ?
desc:manner how did the hohenzollerns build their power around 17 ?
num:date when was china 's first nuclear test ?
enty:animal what is the name given to a group of geese ?
desc:reason why was washington , dc originally called district of columbia ?
desc:manner how do i find a snowboarding website ?
hum:ind what singer 's hit song inspired the dolly parton stallone movie rhinestone ?
num:money how much can a person be fined for having a dog on a beach ?
desc:reason why do movie and tv stars get paid so much ?
desc:def what is a turnkey contract ?
desc:desc what are people doing to help prevent the extinction of birds ?
desc:reason why is the mile 528 feet ?
loc:other what asian gulf were the destroyers maddox and c turner joy shot up in ?
desc:manner how is carbon dioxide removed from natural gas ?
hum:desc who is edmund kemper ?
hum:ind what was mao , the chinese leader 's , full name ?
num:date when is dick clark 's birthday ?
hum:ind who is the director of the international group called the human genome organization , hugo , that is trying to coordinate gene-mapping research worldwide ?
hum:gr what radio station did paul harvey work for ?
hum:ind what character narrates treasure island ?
abbr:abb what is the correct way to abbreviate cc. at the bottom of a business letter ?
hum:ind who starred with charlie chaplin in modern times and the great dictator ?
num:code what seven digits follow the area code in the number for long distance information ?
hum:ind what catch-22 character is elected mayor of half a dozen italian cities ?
hum:ind whom does uncle duke 's girl friend , honey , room with ?
hum:ind when called upon to surrender , what american general replied , `` sir , i have not yet begun to fight . '' ?
num:date when was the bar-code invented ?
enty:other what has to be produced in a writ of habeas corpus ?
hum:gr what team did babe ruth play his first major league game for ?
enty:other what class is categorized as the bourgeoisie ?
hum:ind what relative of leo tolstoy translated war and peace eight times ?
desc:manner how does the nintendo `` zapper '' work ?
num:count how many cards is each player dealt in contract bridge ?
hum:ind who was the second person ever to wear iron man 's armor ?
desc:def what is interlata internet service ?
hum:ind who is the director and editor of the movie big starring tom hanks ?
desc:def what is the `` fourth dimension '' ?
loc:other what is the homelite inc. home page ?
num:period how old was stevie wonder when he signed with motown records ?
desc:def what is `` alternative '' anymore ?
desc:reason why do they call a hamburger a hamburger when there is no ham ?
hum:ind who won two gold medals in skiing in the olympic games in calgary ?
num:date what year was the avery dennison company founded ?
num:ord where does the u.s. rank among world countries in area ?
hum:gr what are the four railways in monopoly ?
loc:other what are the names of all the seas in the world and what ocean do they drain into ?
abbr:exp what does bmw stand for ?
loc:mount name the highest mountain .
desc:def what is a biologist ?
desc:desc what revelation did alexander butterfield make to the senate watergate committee ?
loc:other what island is home to statues called mauis ?
enty:dismed what is a fear of black people ?
enty:food what 's the most extensively grown and eaten food ?
enty:event what was the worst hurricane ?
desc:manner how can i get started in writing for television ?
loc:other where was pythagoras born ?
enty:cremat what 1927 silent film received an international revival in 1981 ?
num:money what is the price for aaa 's liability auto insurance ?
abbr:exp what is lmds ?
hum:ind who are the top ten richest people in the world ?
hum:ind who is the leader of brunei ?
loc:city what is the capital of italy ?
enty:sport what game does garry kasparov play ?
desc:manner how do you get a pointsettia to turn red ?
enty:other what is kept in fort knox that is so valuable ?
loc:other what is the greatest hiking web site ?
num:count what is the population of arcadia , florida ?
enty:cremat what stephen king novel is set in a graveyard for pets ?
hum:ind who were the head writers for the smothers brothers comedy hour ?
hum:ind who portrayed prewett in from here to eternity ?
enty:cremat what was the sequel to the pink panther ?
num:count how many people live in cities ?
num:dist how high must a mountain be to be called a mountain ?
hum:ind what scottish poet penned to a mouse and to a louse ?
hum:ind what is the name of the inventor of silly putty ?
loc:other what ocean surrounds the madeira islands ?
hum:ind what famous communist leader died in mexico city ?
enty:other what was john steinbeck 's travelling companion charley ?
loc:city what are the capital cities of the two large countries that occupy the iberian peninsula in europe ?
num:count how many mines can still be found in the falklands after the war ended ?
desc:manner how can i get in touch with michael moore of `` roger & me '' ?
desc:manner how is ` qigong ' properly pronounced ?
num:count how many gallons of water go over niagra falls every second ?
enty:other what turns blue litmus paper red ?
hum:ind who was the first woman to run the mile in less than 4 36893 minutes ?
num:count how many copies of an album must be sold for it to be a gold album ?
enty:food what is `` the soft drink for adults '' ?
enty:food what is the only vegetable that starts with `` z '' ?
enty:dismed what is a fear of machinery ?
hum:ind who awarded the flying fickle finger of fate ?
loc:city in sinclair lewis ' `` main street , '' what was the name of the typical american town ?
enty:sport what hide-and-seek game is played around a tin can ?
loc:city what is the largest city in texas ?
hum:ind what future deer hunter portrayed annie hall 's neurotic brother , duane ?
enty:food what drink is the best thirst-quencher ?
loc:other where can i get a map of prussia on the internet ?
enty:event what was the longest war in u.s. history ?
desc:def what is a `` node '' in computer terms ?
loc:country what are the five richest countries in the world ?
loc:other where is mccarren airport ?
hum:ind what are the top boy names in the u.s. ?
num:count how many tiles did the space shuttle columbia lose on its second flight ?
num:count how many teaspoons make up a tablespoon ?
hum:ind who was the lyricist and who was the composer between gilbert and sullivan ?
hum:ind who was the lawyer for randy craft ?
desc:desc what is the origin of the word marijuana ?
hum:ind who was the 3rd president of the united states ?
enty:body what organ contains the islands of langerhans ?
hum:ind name dick tracy 's two children .
enty:dismed what is a fear of points ?
num:perc what fraction of a beaver 's life is spent swimming ?
desc:manner how can sql queries be improved ?
enty:food what is the most radioactive food ?
hum:gr what was the previous name for the commonwealth ?
num:money how much will gas be taxed in california by the year 2000 ?
hum:ind who gave king arthur the round table ?
loc:state what state in the united states covers the largest area ?
desc:manner how do you make a computer chip ?
hum:ind who became president of the u.s. in 1789 ?
hum:ind who wrote `` the scarlet letter '' ?
hum:ind who did sara jane moore try to assassinate ?
desc:def what is linux ?
num:count how many dots make up the symbol for `` because '' ?
hum:title what title did shevardnadze have during the soviet era ?
enty:food what did the pyramid-builders of egypt mainly eat ?
enty:word what 's the international radio code word for the letter f ?
enty:other what are the 28 tenses in the english language ?
hum:ind which king signed the magna carta ?
enty:cremat what software offers inventors use of cad-like design ?
desc:def what is agent orange ?
hum:ind name the child left on a doorstep at the beginning of gasoline alley .
num:count how many zip codes are there in the u.s. ?
enty:animal in beetle bailey , can you name sarge 's dog ?
desc:reason why shouldn 't you remove a bee stinger with tweezers ?
hum:gr which college did dikembe mutombo play basketball for ?
desc:reason why did europeans first come to australia and oceania ?
desc:desc what did the confederate constitution say about slavery ?
num:period how long does it take the milky way galaxy to make one revolution ?
num:count how many people own pets ?
loc:other what web sites are linked to the report on genesis eldercare ?
enty:dismed what is a fear of lice ?
num:period how long does it take different materials to decompose ?
num:count how many colors are there in a rainbow ?
hum:ind what was darth vader 's son named ?
desc:reason what problems contributed to the high failure rate of plains farmers in the 1800s ?
hum:ind what british female pop singing star of the 1960s and early 1970s was a child actress in the 1940s and '50s ?
loc:other where is mccarren airport located ?
desc:manner how effective are condoms in protecting against aids ?
loc:other what part of britain comprises the highlands , central lowlands , and southern uplands ?
num:count how many marx brothers were there ?
num:dist how tall is the matterhorn ?
loc:country what country is proud to claim volcano national park ?
num:date when was babe ruth born ?
hum:ind who portrayed field marshal erwin rommel in the desert fox ?
enty:cremat what tv quiz show left the air in 1975 to the tune of vera lynn 's we 'll meet again ?
loc:other what direction do most baseball pitchers pitch toward ?
num:count how many beanie baby sites are there ?
desc:manner how can i call a friend in another country when i do not know the telephone number ?
enty:food what is 55 times sweeter than cane sugar ?
loc:other where are diamonds mined ?
desc:manner how do they get teflon to stick to the pan ?
num:money how much money did the marcos steal from their country ?
hum:ind who makes the `` cross-your-heart bra '' ?
hum:ind who is archie bunker 's son-in-law ?
hum:gr what company produces spumante ?
desc:desc what is the origin of music ?
abbr:exp what does `` b.y.o.b. '' mean ?
hum:gr what major airline has the best safety record in the world ?
hum:ind what president became chief justice after his presidency ?
num:count how many innings constitute an official baseball game ?
loc:city what city has a newspaper called the plain dealer ?
loc:state what u.s. state boasts leif ericson park ?
num:count how many flavors does baskin & robbins offer ?
hum:ind who was chief engineer of the starship enterprise ?
desc:manner how does crosstalk relate to insb thickness in infrared detectors ?
hum:ind what mayor made so many tv appearances he was asked to join aftra in 1984 ?
enty:veh which type of submarine was bought recently by south korea ?
num:count how much in miles is a ten k run ?
num:date when was beethoven born ?
hum:ind who is the most sexy celebrity ?
hum:ind what detective lives on punchbowl hill and has 11 children ?
loc:other where did the ukulele originate ?
hum:ind rotary engines used to be made by whom ?
desc:def what does seccession mean ?
hum:ind who portrayed the title character in the film the day of the jackal ?
loc:other what is the name of the gulf between sweden and finland ?
hum:ind who was the first x-man to die in battle ?
desc:desc what will the weather be today ?
hum:ind who is the president of ghana ?
enty:other which sex is denied voting rights in kuwait ?
loc:country what two countries is andorra nestled between ?
num:period how long ago was the roe vs. wade decision by the supreme court ?
hum:gr what terrorist group was headed by donald defreeze ?
loc:mount what are the four largest mountain ranges in the continental united states ?
num:other what is the size of the student body at the university of massachusetts in amherst ?
desc:manner how can i determine the radius of an ellipse ?
hum:ind who starred in the movie the war of the worlds ?
num:count how many different kinds of ice cream are there ?
hum:ind what actor , who had greatest fame on tv , became the father of triplets ?
loc:other what is the homelite inc. home page ?
desc:def what is the golden rule ?
enty:cremat what is a movie that kevin costner made about sioux indians ?
enty:other what were millions of kids wearing on their heads in 1955 ?
desc:manner how does color affect a person psychologically ?
num:code what is columbia tristar 's phone number ?
enty:animal what type of animal is the easiest kept pet there is ?
desc:def what is sound ?
enty:animal what was the name of the horse that fell on queen elizabeth , prince albert 's wife ?
desc:desc what are the current immigration laws in us ?
enty:word what were the five opening words on ben casey ?
desc:reason why does it say on children 's cough syrup not to drive while using this medication ?
enty:color what hair color can i use to just cover a little gray ?
loc:other where was tesla born ?
hum:title what does larry king do for a living ?
hum:ind who shot lee harvey oswald ?
num:date when did jaco pastorius die ?
enty:sport what blood sport features a movement called a veronica ?
enty:termeq what was spawned the term `` mig alley '' ?
loc:other what 's the most common street name in america ?
desc:desc what is the difference between khaki and chino ?
desc:desc what is the origin of infinity ?
enty:substance what alloy do copper and tin form ?
enty:plant what plants are found in an estuary ?
desc:desc what are the side effects of mevacor ?
loc:other what are the top 5 tallest buildings in the world ?
desc:reason colin powell is best known for what achievement ?
enty:product what was the name of the computer in ` 2001 : a space odyssey ' ?
hum:ind who portrayed renaud in casablanca ?
loc:country what country has problems with hooligans ?
loc:other what planet did percival lovell discover ?
num:count how often are brain cells replaced ?
num:money how much did mercury spend on advertising in 1993 ?
enty:veh what kind of rocket launched the surveyor spacecraft ?
loc:country what country contains the westernmost point in south america ?
enty:other what did abolitionists try to end ?
num:count what 's the american dollar equivalent for 8 pounds in the u.k. ?
desc:reason why should cigarette smoking be banned ?
num:date what year did charles dicken die ?
enty:cremat what d.h. lawrence novel was originally titled tenderness ?
hum:gr what rock group raised a ruckus at the white house by singing american woman ?
enty:dismed what is a fear of night or darkness ?
desc:desc what is the origin of the rock band led zeppelin 's name ?
desc:manner how was lawrence
desc:manner how do i know if i am pregnant ?
num:date when did the last americans leave vietnam ?
hum:ind what famed clown appeared on an early howdy doody show and insisted that clarabell be made up as a real clown ?
hum:gr what group was formed in 1969 after police met resistance from patrons at the stonewall , a greenwich village gay bar ?
hum:desc who was confucius ?
enty:food what snack food has ridges ?
enty:sport what 's the most popular four-player game of all time ?
desc:def what 's the meaning of the name tatiana ?
num:count how many people died when the estonia sank in 1994 ?
loc:city what southern california town is named after a character made famous by edgar rice burroughs ?
num:count how many colors are there in a rainbow ?
loc:other what is the habitat of the chickadee ?
enty:dismed what drug is often used to treat aids patients ?
enty:other which of the five senses develops first ?
desc:desc where did the name root beer come from ?
loc:city what city 's the kickoff point for climbs of mount everest ?
num:money what is the average salary of a paleontologist ?
loc:other where is the largest post office building in the world ?
hum:ind who is currently the most popular singer in the world ?
enty:animal who was the first animal into space ?
enty:techmeth what is the correct way to mount a roll of toilet paper ?
enty:cremat what jules verne novel features scientists held captive in the submarine nautilus ?
desc:reason why is rush 's 2112 called 2112 ?
desc:desc what 's the state motto of california ?
desc:reason what function does homeostasis have on the existence of an organism ?
hum:gr what company started out making pies , and wound up manufacturing plastic throwing toys ?
abbr:exp what does the acronym cpr mean ?
enty:termeq the jewish alphabet is called what ?
desc:def what are the baltic states ?
num:count how many endangered species are there in the world ?
loc:city which large u.s. city had the highest murder rate for 1988 ?
hum:ind who was the bandleader mentor of ella fitzgerald with whom she cowrote `` a_tisket , a-tasket '' ?
hum:ind who invented basketball ?
desc:manner how has tv affected our society ?
num:date when was the last major eruption of mount st. helens ?
hum:gr what was the name of humphrey bogart 's club in casablanca ?
hum:gr what u.s. government agency registers trademarks ?
desc:def what is osmosis ?
enty:other what format was the major competition of vhs ?
hum:ind what hockey player did ronald reagan joke he would swap texas for ?
enty:dismed what is the world 's deadliest infectious disease ?
enty:dismed which infectious disease is the world 's deadliest ?
hum:ind what president was buried at his ancestral home overlooking the hudson river at hyde park , new york ?
num:money how much did the first barbie doll sell for in 1959 ?
loc:country what country was general douglas mcarthur in when he was recalled by president truman ?
hum:gr what are the five most popular usenet groups ?
desc:desc what are the seven deadly sins ?
num:other what is the latitude and longitude of el paso , texas ?
desc:def what does the name melissa mean ?
desc:desc what is the nature of snow and how is the formation of snow different from that of ice ?
num:count how many head injuries are there in recreational ice skating each year ?
num:count a normal human pregnancy lasts how many months ?
enty:sport what kind of sports team is the buffalo sabres ?
enty:other what impenetrable system of french fortifications was built along the german frontier before world war ii ?
enty:sport what are new computer games for windows 95 or 98 ?
hum:ind who domesticated the wild turkey ?
desc:manner how can i get someone 's phone number if i only have their screen name ?
enty:sport what european race sees the winner of its mountain stage awarded a jersey with large red polka dots ?
loc:country what country does ileana cotrubas come from ?
desc:desc what 's the motto of the boy scouts ?
loc:country what two european countries are joined by the gran san bernardo pass ?
enty:cremat what movie did steven spielberg direct in 1975 ?
enty:animal what kind of creatures are the canary islands named for ?
hum:ind what was the name of the us helicopter pilot shot down over north korea ?
desc:def what 's a male `` cuckquean '' ?
desc:reason what are the factors leading to the high teen pregnancy rate in spartanburg , south carolina ?
hum:ind name the designer of the shoe that spawned millions of plastic imitations , known as ` jellies ' .
abbr:exp what does rca stand for ?
desc:reason why are ice cream sundaes called sundaes ?
enty:word what 's the singular of dice ?
hum:ind who is olive oyl 's brother ?
enty:dismed what 12-hour cold medicine uses the formula `` 6 , 6 , 12 '' in its ads ?
enty:cremat what was the first video ever made ?
enty:food what 's the favorite food of dragonflies ?
hum:ind what king boycotted prince charles 's wedding ?
hum:title what does nicholas cage do for a living ?
hum:ind what was the nickname of model leslie hornby ?
loc:other where is the taj mahal ?
desc:desc what 's distinctive about a palmiped 's feet ?
loc:other in 139 the papal court was forced to move from rome to where ?
num:date what is the first day of the week ?
desc:def what is goulash ?
loc:city what capital is built around monument circle which contains soldiers and sailors monument ?
enty:other name the men 's cologne that is associated with the sea .
desc:manner how does a parachute work ?
enty:cremat what is the first book of the old testament ?
num:count how many of them are in sub-saharan africa ?
desc:desc what is the history of spartacus , the roman slave and gladiator ?
loc:other what famed wall supports the badaling turret ?
hum:ind who portrayed fatman in the television show , `` jake and the fatman '' ?
desc:def what is object-oriented design ?
desc:def what does melissa mean ?
desc:def what is form drag ?
enty:animal who were john f. kennedy 's dogs ?
loc:other where are good science sites on the internet ?
hum:ind what woman was time 's man of the year for 1952 ?
desc:reason what currents affect the area of the shetland islands and orkney islands in the north sea ?
hum:ind who wrote the ugly duckling ?
hum:ind who designed london bridge ?
num:count how many miles are there between tel aviv , israel and memphis , tennessee ?
num:count how many flavors of ice cream does howard johnson 's have ?
enty:other what weapon did the crossed slits in english castles accommodate ?
desc:manner how can i stop or slow down aging ?
loc:other where are the busiest amtrak rail stations in the u.s. ?
num:count how many freckles does howdy doody have on his face ?
desc:manner how does cos cob , ct get its name ?
hum:ind who was considered to be the father of psychology ?
desc:manner how did super president gain his powers on the animated series ?
num:dist how tall was the animated king kong ?
desc:def what are values ?
num:other what is the population of japan ?
enty:veh name an american made motorcycle .
loc:other where was the largest concentration camp in world war ii ?
num:money how much did alaska cost when bought from russia ?
num:count how many events make up the decathlon ?
desc:reason what causes blue balls ?
loc:other what were the first bodies visited by spacecraft ?
hum:ind who succeeded nikita khrushchev as first secretary of the communist party ?
hum:ind who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military joint chiefs of staff ?
hum:ind name of the lady the great gatsby pines for ?
enty:other what does a chef coddle eggs in ?
num:count how many bails are there in a cricket wicket ?
loc:city what city was martin luther king jr. assassinated in ?
hum:ind what celebrity couple , when going through a divorce , divided their toilet paper into two equal piles ?
loc:other where 's the bernini-bristol hotel ?
hum:ind who said `` what contemptible scoundrel stole the cork from my lunch ? ''
loc:city what is the capital of kosovo ?
hum:gr what kind of company is 7-eleven ?
num:count how many letters appear with the numbers 2 to 9 on a telephone dial ?
loc:city what were the first three cities to have a population of more than a million ?
desc:manner how did the months of the year get there name ?
enty:other what scale measures earthquakes ?
desc:def what is a glory hole ?
enty:other what kind of education would you need to become an athletic trainer for the nfl ?
hum:gr what are the major companies that are part of dow jones ?
hum:gr what college did joe namath play football for ?
num:money what was the minimum wage in 1991 ?
loc:country what country is the biggest producer of tungsten ?
desc:manner how does it make its colors ?
desc:desc what would happen to canada if quebec separated ?
num:date when is the jimmy buffett concert coming to the e center in camden nj ?
desc:desc what is ` last chance for animals ' ?
loc:country what european country abandoned postage stamps in 1923 because printing them cost more than their face value ?
desc:desc what is the weather like on the moon ?
hum:ind who was the 1st u.s. president ?
enty:lang what is the main language of sao paulo , brazil ?
num:money how much did varian associates try to sell its vacuum products division to the boc group for ?
abbr:abb what is the abbreviation of the international olympic committee ?
num:count how many people hike ?
desc:def what are boxcars ?
desc:manner how do i keep cats out of my flower garden for good ?
hum:ind who played maria in the film west side story ?
enty:dismed what is a common anti-aids drug ?
hum:ind who bestowed great power upon captain britain ?
desc:manner how can you tell when figs are ripe ?
desc:manner how do i love thee ?
enty:food which type of soda has the greatest amount of caffeine ?
loc:country what nationality is a sicilian ?
hum:ind what is the most common boy 's or girl 's name ?
hum:ind who was the accused in the trial of the century , which opened janurary 1 , 1935 ?
enty:color what color was the hundred billionth crayon made by crayola ?
enty:food what soft drink tells us to `` go hawaiian '' ?
desc:manner how does a hydroelectric dam work ?
loc:other what is the oldest building in the united states ?
enty:animal what is the west virginia state animal ?
num:count how many people died on south carolina highways in 1998 ?
desc:def what are binomial coefficients ?
desc:def what was the living room war ?
enty:termeq what are some translations of the phrase `` thank-you '' ?
num:date what is president nixon 's birthdate ?
enty:food what is `` the great american family cereal '' ?
desc:desc what was suzy parker doing to earn $1 , 000 in the early 1950 's ?
num:count how many people died in the vietnam war ?
num:date what year did montana become a state ?
num:date when was the ussr dissolved ?
desc:reason why are there letters on the telephone ? why are there no q or z ?
loc:city what japanese city was once called edo ?
hum:ind who did the seven mules block for ?
hum:gr what is the world 's largest distilling company ?
hum:ind what 's the name of the actress who starred in the movie , `` silence of the lambs '' ?
loc:other where is one 's corpus callosum found ?
hum:ind who did napolean defeat at jena and auerstadt ?
enty:product what household products are there for adult acne ?
hum:ind what british prime minister and u.s. president were seventh cousins once-removed ?
enty:product what is the most expensive car in the world ?
desc:def what is an angelus ?
num:count how many objects orbit the earth ?
enty:event what was the tragedy that struck the city of dogtown in 1899 ?
loc:city what 's the oldest capital city in the americas ?
enty:cremat what leon uris novel dealt with the russian capture of berlin ?
loc:other what is the location of edinburgh , scotland ?
num:count how many muscles does the average adult use when going for a walk ?
num:period how long do you have to live in a community to vote ?
hum:ind what was the name of the titanic 's captain ?
hum:ind name of heroine in `` scruples '' ?
num:volsize how big is the chappellet vineyard ?
loc:country jackson pollock was a native of what country ?
desc:reason what makes sperm ?
desc:manner how do i know how much money to save for retirement ?
desc:def what does the dot on the letter i mean ?
hum:ind who wrote the godfather ?
desc:desc what is the origin of the term soda jerk ?
num:other what is the frequency of vhf ?
enty:sport what sport does chris jogis play ?
loc:other what island was the target of the u.s. 's operation urgent fury ?
enty:dismed what is a fear of robbers ?
enty:cremat what nevil shute novel is about the doomed survivors of a nuclear war ?
desc:reason what is the cause of endangered species ?
hum:ind which of the following tv newsmen was a rhodes scholar ?
enty:other what did warlock wear on his forehead in marvel comics ?
enty:body what is the softest part of the body ?
hum:ind what six-foot temperance advocate wielded her hatchet on saloons ?
num:count how many islands does fiji have ?
enty:other what line divided the north and south in the u.s. civil war ?
desc:def what is the definition of cecum ?
hum:ind who invented volleyball ?
loc:country what 's the most powerful country in the world ?
desc:manner how do i do this ?
hum:gr name a ballet company mikhail baryshnikov has danced for ?
hum:ind who led the normans to victory in the battle of hastings ?
desc:desc what is the origin of the word `` teddy bear '' ?
num:perc what percentage of the world 's plant and animal species can be found in the amazon forests ?
hum:ind what 's the name of the star of the cooking show , `` galloping gourmet '' ?
hum:ind who invented the horoscope ?
enty:food what nutrients are for healthy bones and teeth ?
desc:def what are fortune 500 companies ?
desc:desc what is the difference between ninjitsu and kung fu ?
hum:ind what king was forced to agree to the magna carta ?
num:count how many electoral college votes does colorado have ?
hum:ind what were babe ruth 's christian names ?
num:count how many bottles of wine were prisoners in the bastille allowed per day ?
loc:other where do lobsters like to live ?
hum:ind who was the first elected mayor of washington , d.c. ?
enty:other what are the wolverine habits ?
desc:manner how do you fix squeaky floors ?
num:date when was the big thompson flood ?
desc:desc what good are mosquitoes ?
desc:manner how do you get bubblegum out of carpet ?
enty:sport what 's played at wembley stadium , london , every may ?
hum:ind who wrote the sci-fi trilogy foundation , foundation and empire , and second foundation ?
num:count how many hours of work does it take a typist to complete a 100-page screenplay ?
hum:ind what is alice cooper 's real name ?
desc:def what is the peloponnesian league ?
loc:city what two cities usually mark the extremes of english channel swims ?
num:count how many times does the tide ebb and flow each day ?
hum:ind who invented television ?
desc:def what are tannins ?
desc:manner how does general mills manufacture cheerios ?
enty:cremat what was jimmy durante 's theme song ?
hum:ind name the person who burst through the screen in the lite beer commercials .
enty:food what delicacy is known indelicately as pickled roe ?
enty:food what after-dinner treat was invented in 1916 at the george jung noodle factory in los angeles ?
hum:ind what u.s. vice-president killed alexander hamilton in a duel ?
num:temp what 's the fahrenheit equivalent of zero degrees centigrade ?
num:count how many muscles does an oyster have ?
enty:sport what card game derived its name from biritch , or russian whist ?
hum:ind who wrote `` much ado about nothing '' ?
enty:word what is the collective noun for geese ?
desc:desc what personality traits are capricorns said to have ?
loc:other where can i get information concerning child custody files for the state of utah ?
enty:cremat what was john f. kennedy 's 1960 campaign song ?
hum:ind what louisiana senator won a seat that had been held by his father and mother ?
enty:cremat what hymn did john steinbeck get his title the grapes of wrath from ?
enty:techmeth what invention does the principle of conservation of energy make impossible ?
enty:other what 's the highest-ranking suit in bridge ?
hum:ind who won oscars for her roles in gone with the wind and a streetcar named desire ?
hum:ind what writer is famous for physically putting himself into the center of his subject matter ?
hum:ind who 's the lead singer of the led zeppelin band ?
hum:ind in dana 's `` two years before the mast , '' what seafarers lived in an abandoned oven on the beach at san diego ?
hum:ind who plays the cop in the movie `` kindergarten cop '' ?
num:count how many characters makes up a word for typing test purposes ?
enty:sport what non-mechanical sport achieves the highest speeds ?
num:money what was the 1940 annual salary for a boilermaker ?
hum:ind who created billy pilgrim , a survivor of the dresden firestorm ?
enty:sport what indoor sport saw the phoenix inferno become the phoenix pride on july 14 , 1983 , when the temperature hit 111 degrees ?
loc:country what country saw the origin of the asian flu ?
hum:ind who is the richest woman in the world ?
loc:other where can i take a test that will tell me what i should be when i grow up ?
desc:reason what caused the death of bob marley ?
hum:title what 's mrs. bridges 's job on tv 's upstairs , downstairs ?
enty:cremat what daily newspaper will `` help you see clearer across the usa '' ?
loc:other what lake in scotland is said to hold one or more monsters ?
hum:ind who were the 1974 oscar winners ?
hum:gr what kind of business is 7-eleven ?
desc:def what is sinn fein ?
enty:dismed what is the name of the rare neurological disease with symptoms such as : involuntary movements , tics , swearing , and incoherent vocalizations , grunts , shouts , etc. ?
enty:food what do river otters eat ?
hum:ind who wrote the book , `` huckleberry finn '' ?
hum:ind who would you use the heimlich maneuver on ?
loc:other what famed library can you reach by dialing 22-287-5 ?
enty:animal what five-time winner of the kentucky derby lost his first 25 races ?
enty:other what did vasco da gama discover ?
desc:def what is megan 's law ?
loc:other where can i get a complete listing of showtimes in my area ?
loc:other where 's montenegro ?
desc:def what is usenet for the internet ?
desc:def what are field effect transistors ?
enty:animal what was the killer whale who died at sea world of a fungal infection named ?
desc:def what is witch hazel ?
enty:plant what is state tree of nebraska ?
loc:other where is glasgow ?
desc:reason why is chicago named chicago ?
enty:color what three colors of ink are used to print a u.s. dollar bill ?
desc:reason what exactly is the purpose of the anteater ?
enty:techmeth what is the correct way to use `` may '' vs. `` might '' ?
loc:city what north american city boasts the biggest polish population ?
hum:ind what radio , tv and movie character did jackie gleason and william bendix play ?
loc:other where is it planned to berth the merchant ship , lane victory , which merchant marine veterans are converting into a floating museum ?
enty:other what does a pedometer measure ?
num:period what is maurizio pellegrin 's age ?
num:count how many thousands of students attend the university of massachusetts ?
hum:ind name the u.s. senate majority leader and the speaker of the house .
hum:gr what name did football 's new york titans adopt in 1963 ?
hum:ind what female suspect in the game of clue is single ?
hum:ind who owns cnn ?
num:count about how many americans are still unaccounted for from the vietnam war ?
num:other what is the chemical reactivity of neon ?
desc:def what is an auto-commentary ?
loc:other what is the oldest website on the internet ?
desc:def what is deconstructionism ?
desc:desc what did lenny bruce say that got him arrested ?
enty:cremat what newspaper returned a pulitzer prize for the fraudulent story jimmy 's world ?
enty:dismed what is a fear of speaking ?
enty:cremat what was hitler 's favorite movie ?
desc:reason why do airliners crash vs. gliding down ?
desc:reason what are those little blue reflectors in the middle of the road for ?
hum:ind what member of the little rascals has an on-again , off-again sweetheart in darla hood ?
desc:manner how is saline used in medicine ?
enty:termeq what is the name of the ` female ' counterpart to el nino , which results in cooling temperatures and very dry weather ?
enty:event what incident of 1933 did the german nazis use to justify emergency decrees , imprisoning opponents and vesting more power in themselves ?
loc:country what country are you visiting if you land at president duvalier airport ?
hum:ind what attorney-general ordered the closing of alcatraz ?
loc:city what is the capital of congo ?
desc:desc what is the text of the fifth amendment ?
loc:country what is a country that starts with the letter x ?
loc:country what countries earn the most from tourism ?
desc:def what is the internet2 ?
loc:city which city in china has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?
num:date when are the oscars academy awards in 1999 ?
hum:ind who was the prophet of the jewish people ?
hum:ind what is the most common name ?
hum:ind who was the oldest u.s. president ?
enty:plant what common plant has a button , cap , cup , gills , and ring ?
num:date when was dubai 's first concrete house built ?
desc:def what is the milky way ?
desc:desc what is remembrance day all about ?
enty:food what food did marco polo introduce into italy from the court of kubla khan ?
hum:gr what diamond producer controls about 80% of the world 's diamonds ?
hum:ind who is the prophet of the religion of islam ?
hum:ind who portrayed maggio in the film from here to eternity ?
loc:other where are zebras most likely found ?
num:perc what are the odds of giving birth to twins ?
loc:other what is the best place to live in the world , considering climate , civilization ?
desc:def what is meant by `` capital market '' ?
desc:manner in my antonia , how is mr. shimerda out of place on the farm ?
enty:veh what ship did lloyd m. bucher command ?
enty:dismed name a medicine commonly used to combat aids ?
desc:desc what is the difference between hair and fur ?
desc:desc what is the difference between love and infatuation ?
hum:ind name the cartoon genie conjured by the magic ring shared by nancy and chuck .
enty:food what foods contain vitamin b12 ?
num:money what is the amount of money owed for illegally having a dog on a beach ?
enty:letter what are the first and last letters of the greek alphabet ?
loc:other what is the web address at which i can find the e-mail address of a member of the us house of representatives ?
num:volsize how big is the largest diamond ?
enty:techmeth what are some ways to help someone with chicken pox ?
desc:manner how do i find out the exact time of a sunset for a particular day ?
num:date when did the original howdy doody show go off the air ?
num:count how many languages are there in the world ?
hum:desc who was picasso ?
hum:ind who were the only two bald u.s. presidents ?
hum:ind which member of charlie 's angels sang vocals for josie and the pussycats ?
loc:other what river flows past the temple of karnak ?
hum:ind what comedian was the perfect fool ?
desc:desc what are the benefits of a rowing machine ?
loc:other where do you find information about the queensland national competition policy
desc:def what 's a `` coup de poing '' to a french boxer ?
desc:desc what 's the difference between carelessness and carefreeness ?
enty:termeq what is the islamic counterpart to the red cross ?
desc:reason why does tuberculosis afflict people ?
hum:ind who loved flash gordon besides dale ?
desc:def what is tyvek ?
enty:other what do humans catch zoonose diseases from ?
desc:manner how did asia get its name ?
enty:veh what was the name of the u.s. navy gunboat in the film the sand pebbles ?
loc:other where can i get information on the original 13 us colonies ?
enty:dismed for what disease is the drug sinemet used as a treatment ?
enty:techmeth what are three ways in which wind is created on the earth ?
enty:other what gender is not allowed to vote in kuwait ?
num:count how many inches over six feet is tom selleck ?
enty:dismed what is the name of the disease that actress hunter tylo 's baby girl has ?
hum:ind who 's the only president buried in washington
num:money how much could you rent a volkswagen bug for in 1966 ?
hum:ind whose singing voice was dubbed in for natalie wood in west side story and audrey hepburn in my fair lady ?
num:money what is the mean income of the top 10% , top 5% , and top 1% ?
loc:city what north american city sprouts the most parking meters ?
loc:other what is the largest and most expensive freeway construction project in the u.s. right now ?
desc:desc what can i do to get into an ivy league school ?
enty:cremat what film did louise fletcher win the best actress oscar for ?
loc:other where did gulliver find a race of tiny people ?
enty:cremat what 1950 film won seven oscars , including best picture ?
num:count how much stronger is the new vitreous carbon material invented by the tokyo institute of technology compared with the material made from cellulose ?
num:money how much do tuberculosis combatting drugs cost ?
hum:ind president bush compared saddam hussein to whom ?
hum:gr what 's the name of pittsburgh 's baseball team ?
enty:cremat what shakespeare play opens with the line : `` now is the winter of our discontent.. . '' ?
hum:ind what tv comedian worked with white fang , black tooth and pookie the lion ?
hum:ind who created the character james bond ?
enty:sport what type of exercise burns the most calories ?
desc:desc what is `` the only cigarette made with no leftovers '' ?
loc:other where did the japanese imperial forces surrender to end wwii ?
abbr:abb what is mikhail gorbachev 's middle initial ?
num:count how many rows of whiskers does a cat have ?
hum:ind what british general surrendered to the colonial army at saratoga ?
desc:manner how can people from ireland come to the u.s. , work , and then return to ireland ?
enty:product what product 's ads claim that it `` eliminates odors , kills household germs , mold , and mildew '' ?
num:count what is the world population as of today ?
desc:desc what is the history of buffalo chicken wings ?
desc:def what is humidity ?
enty:animal what kind of creatures are black , yellow , and brown bullheads ?
loc:city what city would you be in if you were feeding the pigeons in the piazza san marco ?
hum:ind what artist 's studio was the bateau-lavoir in montmartre ?
loc:other what is the name of the planet that the ewoks live on ?
num:count how many words are there in the spanish language ?
loc:other where is there information on the novel `` el cid '' ?
enty:symbol what is the chemical formula for napalm ?
desc:def what is yohimbine ?
desc:def what is `` chicago hope '' ?
num:count how many members of a family could be drafted in the u.s. military during world war ii ?
hum:ind who wrote the song , `` silent night '' ?
hum:gr what company is the largest japanese ship builder ?
abbr:exp what does the `` blue ribbon '' stand for ?
num:date what is the average date when most malls begin putting up christmas holiday decorations ?
num:count how many characters are in the chinese alphabet ?
loc:other where is burma ?
hum:ind who wrote the collector ?
hum:gr which major diamond producer is based in south africa ?
hum:ind who was samuel johnsons 's friend and biographer ?
hum:ind what kind of women gave sigmund freud erotic dreams ?
enty:termeq what are the cleveland indians also called ?
enty:other what commodity 's shortage was the largest single factor in keeping north american cars off the roads during world war ii ?
num:count how many hummingbird eggs could fit in one ostrich egg ?
hum:ind who wrote the bestselling missionary travels and researches in south africa , published in 1857 ?
hum:ind who played the father on `` charles in charge '' ?
num:period what is the gestation period for human pregnancies ?
loc:other where did the name daniel originate ?
enty:techmeth what are common methods used to regulate monopolies ?
desc:def what category does the color pink denote in the trivial pursuit baby boomer edition ?
num:period how long does the average domesticated ferret live ?
enty:termeq name the islamic counterpart to the red cross .
enty:event what are the historical trials following world war ii called ?
loc:state what states do not have state income tax ?
loc:city what city has the two steepest streets in the u.s. ?
desc:reason what is margaret thatcher known for ?
loc:country name the country of giants twelve times the size of man in `` gulliver 's travels . ''
num:other what 's men 's par on a 455-yard golf hole ?
enty:substance what four elements make up 90 percent of the human body ?
num:count how many countries are there ?
loc:other where does most of the marijuana entering the united states come from ?
enty:cremat stuart hamblen is considered to be the first singing cowboy of which medium ?
hum:title what is steve rogers 's profession when he 's not captain america ?
enty:dismed what is the most common cancer ?
hum:ind who are the top 10 richest people in the world ?
desc:manner how do i contact answers.com direct ?
desc:reason what causes a person to have constantly sweaty hands and feet ?
desc:desc what happened to answers.com ?
desc:def what is the spectrum of a sine wave ?
hum:gr what ethnic group introduced the idea of potlatch ?
desc:def what is a person 's socioeconomic position ?
desc:desc what do you say to a friend who ignores you for other friends ?
num:count how many yards are in 1 mile ?
hum:ind what actor was the first man to appear on the cover of mccall 's ?
abbr:exp what does r.e.m. stand for , as in the rock group r.e.m. ?
hum:gr what cruise line does kathie lee gifford advertise for ?
desc:def what does the name jenna mean ?
desc:reason why do girls have to wear training bras ?
num:date when was the first successful heart transplant for a human ?
desc:manner how did edith bunker die ?
loc:country what country boasts cawdor castle , glamis castle , and blair castle ?
desc:def define spumante .
abbr:exp what does ph stand for ?
loc:country what country is mount everest in ?
loc:country which country is the largest country in latin america ?
hum:ind name the four horsemen of the apocalypse .
desc:def what are geckos ?
enty:cremat what is the name of a book written by aaron hass ?
desc:def what is cosmology ?
num:count how many watts make a kilowatt ?
enty:cremat what tv series features the adventures of a married couple named jonathan and jennifer ?
hum:ind what female faith healer wrote the inspirational book i believe in miracles ?
hum:desc who was jinnah ?
enty:other what did esquire name ash hole of the year for 1980 ?
loc:other where did king francis i hang the `` mona lisa '' when he owned it ?
enty:other what 's been the ruin of many a poor boy in new orleans ?
desc:def what is habeas corpus ?
desc:manner how do you use an intranet ?
hum:ind what famous husband-and-wife team did radio ads for blue nun wine ?
num:count how many times has harold stassen announced a drive for the white house ?
num:money what are bottle caps with presidents ' pictures inside worth ?
loc:other where can i find the history of the hungarian language ?
desc:reason why do usa fax machines not work in uk , nnp ?
enty:other what cigarette is `` a whole new world '' ?
hum:ind who tramped through florida looking for the fountain of youth ?
num:date in 1990 , what day of the week did christmas fall on ?
enty:cremat what is the name of the song that dracula plays on the organ ?
enty:animal what two animals are specifically mentioned as being in noah 's ark ?
desc:def what is federal income tax ?
hum:gr what was the name of the confederate mounted guerrilla group with which jesse james and coleman younger had ridden ?
enty:dismed what disease plagued europe , africa and asia ?
enty:sport what card game can feature dealer 's choice ?
num:count how many american soldiers are stationed in south korea ?
enty:dismed what is a fear of failure ?
num:count how many feet more than 2 is the average height of the great wall of china ?
desc:desc what was the verdict in the 1925 trial of john t. scopes ?
enty:techmeth what is the best way to travel in japan ?
num:period how long ago did the anglican church part from the vatican ?
num:money how much did lucy van pelt originally charge for psychiatric sessions ?
hum:ind who followed up his first two underwater thrillers with the girl of the sea of cortez ?
num:date when was the parthenon built ?
enty:cremat what 1895 h.g. wells novel was written under the title the chronic argonauts ?
desc:def what is a common dolphin ?
desc:manner how is answers.com funded ?
num:period how long does a pig 's orgasm last ?
loc:state what u.s. state comes last in an alphabetical list ?
num:count how many mountains have been named for presidents in the continental usa ?
num:other what are the unemployment statistics for the years 1965 and 1990 ?
abbr:exp what does bud stand for ?
hum:ind who is the one independent member of congress ?
hum:gr what is a society ruled by elders ?
hum:ind what two presidents of the u.s. published books of poetry ?
hum:ind which of the seven dwarfs comes first alphabetically ?
hum:ind what professional cricketer 's son wrote the war of the worlds in 1898 ?
enty:food what condiment do the dutch dip their french fries in ?
enty:cremat which comic strip was never turned into a broadway musical ?
enty:event in what war was the first submarine used ?
abbr:exp cpr is the abbreviation for what ?
num:count how many inches apart are adjacent pins in tenpin bowling ?
num:count how many miles of corridors are in the pentagon ?
desc:manner how do you find the area of a circle ?
loc:state what u.s. state includes the san juan islands ?
hum:ind what english playwright penned : `` where the bee sucks , so shall i '' ?
desc:def what do the red-and-white stripes on a barbershop pole stand for ?
enty:veh name the ship beany and cecil sailed .
num:dist how deep is a fathom ?
desc:def what was the `` dead man 's hand '' ?
hum:ind what was fred astaire 's dancing partner 's name ?
desc:manner how do i find a web address for a company ?
num:count what is the highest number of home runs on record for any one game ?
enty:plant what are some of australia 's native flora ?
hum:ind what heavyweight boxer was known as the wild bull of the pampas ?
num:count how many quarts of whole milk is needed to make one pound of butter ?
loc:other what london street claims to be the world center for men 's tailoring ?
num:period how old is the universe ?
num:date when does the bible say the seasons started ?
enty:animal what animal has been called the poor man 's cow ?
desc:desc where did the marriage ceremony come from ?
loc:country what bordering country is due north of costa rica ?
enty:cremat what morris west novel deals with russian bishop who becomes pope ?
loc:country what nation boarders mozambique ?
abbr:exp what does ekg stand for ?
num:date the olympic games in which year allowed nadia comaneci to become popular ?
hum:ind what tv talk-show host lends his name to a line of men 's clothing ?
enty:food what soft drink held a national flavor poll in 1967 ?
desc:reason colin powell is famous for what ?
enty:termeq the jewish alphabet is known as what ?
enty:dismed what is a fear of home surroundings ?
num:count how many people die of tuberculosis yearly ?
desc:def what is a specimen of basidiomycetes ?
hum:ind who invented the electric guitar ?
loc:city what is the capital of california ?
loc:country what country comes last in an alphabetical list ?
desc:def what are faults in the earth 's crust ?
desc:def what was an `` asiento '' ?
desc:desc what kind of greeting is appropriate to send on yom kippur ?
num:temp how hot should the oven be when baking peachy oat muffins ?
desc:def what is dextropropoxyphen napsylate ?
enty:cremat what don mclean song laments the day buddy holly died ?
desc:def what is srpska krajina ?
desc:manner how was the kennedy money made ?
loc:country what country is the worlds leading supplier of cannabis ?
enty:animal what was the orca 's name that died of a fungal infection at sea world ?
hum:ind who is the president of pergament ?
loc:city what city is the kentucky horse park near ?
desc:desc what does esa-pekka salonen look like ?
enty:food what cereal goes `` snap , crackle , pop '' ?
desc:manner how did water appear on the earth ?
loc:other where did hillary clinton graduate college ?
desc:def what does robert mean ?
desc:manner how do anti-locking brakes work ?
enty:color what colors is magenta made of ?
desc:manner how does the chain of command work inside an us army apache helicopter ?
enty:cremat which medium is hamblen the first singing cowboy in ?
enty:cremat what is the name of jamiroquai new album ?
desc:def what is a hormone ?
hum:ind what american naval officer broke japan 's isolationist policy in 1853 ?
desc:def what is fellatio ?
desc:reason what characteristics contribute to its `` intelligence '' ?
enty:event what significant battle was fought in belgium in 1815 ?
hum:gr which police department made the all-time biggest cocaine bust in ventura county ?
hum:ind who gave us the `` rolling writer '' ?
desc:manner how were the days of the week named ?
hum:ind who wrote the secret life of walter mitty ?
enty:cremat what 1965 film had jack lemmon portraying a cartoonist ?
desc:def what is fiber in food ?
enty:food what 's the traditional drink at the kentucky derby ?
hum:ind who is the head of the world bank ?
desc:reason why do some jets have a vapor trail , and others do not ?
enty:dismed what is a fear of childbirth ?
num:count how many people does honda employ in the u.s. ?
enty:animal what species was winnie the pooh ?
num:count how much calcium should an adult female have daily ?
hum:ind what is the most popular last name ?
enty:other what does an ashen-faced eidologist search out the existence of ?
hum:ind who moderated the first kennedy-nixon tv debate ?
hum:ind who portrayed george m. cohan in 1942 's yankee doodle dandy ?
desc:reason what is the s&p 500 used for ?
desc:def what does `` philebus-like '' mean ?
num:date when was nostradamus born ?
enty:substance what are the ingredients of coca-cola ?
hum:ind who 's the only u.s. president to have won a pulitzer prize ?
desc:def what is nuclear proliferation ?
hum:desc who was maria theresa ?
loc:country what is the country of origin for the name thomas ?
desc:reason why do you say `` god bless you '' when people sneeze ?
num:count what is the population of the largest chilean city
loc:country what country has the highest per capita consumption of cheese ?
hum:title what is larry king 's occupation ?
hum:ind who invented `` the muppets '' ?
desc:reason why does a wheel , e.g. a car tire , appear to spin in the opposite direction as it slows down ?
loc:other what sea is bombay on ?
hum:gr who are cartoondom 's super six ?
desc:def what does `` e pluribus unum '' on the penny mean ?
desc:desc what 's the difference between tft and dual-scan display ?
hum:ind what fool is not so wise to lose an oath to win a paradise ?
desc:def what is the english meaning of caliente ?
loc:other where in the americas is it only 47 miles from the atlantic to the pacific ?
desc:def what does the word `` opera '' mean ?
num:dist how tall was the animated frankenstein
desc:manner how do you ask questions ?
loc:city what u.s. city is known as the rubber capital of the world ?
loc:country what countries have the highest ratio of university students ?
desc:manner how can you become an fbi agent ?
enty:food what is the world 's best selling cookie ?
num:count how many miles is it from ny to austria ?
desc:desc where did the energy for the big bang come from ?
num:volsize how big is the universe actually ?
desc:desc what is the difference between the koran and the bible ?
hum:ind what monarch signed the magna carta ?
enty:cremat what 's the u.s. navy hymn ?
num:count how many sides does a heptagon have ?
enty:sport what grand slam golf tournament wasn 't held between 1940 and 1945 ?
desc:def what is idealab ! ?
loc:other where are there aborigines ?
enty:product what toy can you make sleep ?
desc:reason what caused the division between the anglicans and the vatican ?
hum:gr what corporation does madonna advertise for ?
loc:other on what river is rome built ?
loc:other where on the web is adventours tours from sydney , australia ?
loc:other where were the 1936 summer olympics held ?
loc:other what cathedral was thomas becket murdered in ?
desc:reason why was curious george curious ?
desc:manner how did u.s.a become involved in the barbary wars
loc:city the kentucky horse park is close to which american city ?
hum:gr what store does martha stewart advertise for ?
desc:desc what do you know about multicultural and multilingual schools ?
desc:desc what is the origin of u.s. army sergeant 's stripes ?
num:period how old was sir edmund hillary when he climbed mt. everest ?
loc:other where in a tree does photosynthesis occur ?
enty:event what are some science fair projects for 8th graders ?
loc:other what strait links the mediterranean sea and the atlantic ocean ?
loc:other what airport is on the piccadilly subway line ?
hum:gr which police department made the largest cocaine seizure ever in ventura county ?
enty:color what color is the eight-ball in pocket billiards ?
enty:food what was the first ready-to-eat breakfast cereal ?
enty:other what did benny carter play ?
num:code what seven digits follow the area code in the number for long distance information ?
loc:city what city 's airport is named logan international ?
hum:ind what pope inaugurated vatican international radio ?
num:count how many times more than 3
num:count how many names are there for eskimo people ?
hum:ind what king is satirized in the line : `` the king was in the countinghouse , counting all his money '' ?
enty:other what shape-shifting menace did rom come to earth to fight ?
loc:state what is the nickname of pennsylvania ?
desc:reason what causes headaches ?
enty:cremat names of books by james a. michener set in the following locations ?
num:date when was the first stained glass window made ?
hum:gr what company 's trademark was his master 's voice ?
hum:ind what pope inaugurated vatican international radio ?
hum:ind what director made one silent and one sound version of the ten commandments ?
num:date when did swimming become commonplace ?
hum:ind which presidents of the usa were masons ?
hum:ind who was the tallest u.s. president ?
loc:other what is the largest museum in the world ?
desc:manner how can i enforce new rules to a group of youngsters who have been allowed to do as they please .
hum:ind what character in the beverly hillbillies has the given names daisy moses ?
hum:ind what comedienne calls her sister-in-law captain bligh and her mother-in-law moby dick ?
num:count how many gallons of paint does it take to paint the golden gate bridge ?
hum:ind what president also became a supreme court justice ?
num:date when does menstruation begin ?
loc:other where did makeup originate ?
enty:lang what is the only modern language that capitalizes its singular first-person pronoun ?
desc:reason what is the claim to fame of agra , india ?
enty:other what flag flies over wake island ?
num:dist how deep is a fathom ?
enty:cremat what kennedy was married to ethel ?
loc:state what u.s. state is mammoth cave national park in ?
enty:word what is the most famous german word in the english language ?
hum:ind who was actress june havoc 's legendary sister ?
enty:other what is widely used to detect birth defects ?
num:other what is the chromosome number of an elephant ?
hum:ind who killed jfk ?
hum:ind who was the star witness at the senate watergate hearings ?
desc:def what is the order of the arrow in boy scouts ?
loc:country in what country is a stuck-out tongue a friendly greeting ?
enty:techmeth what are the five basic swimming strokes ?
hum:ind who is the son-in-law of sen. everett dirkson who was also a senator in the '70 's ?
loc:other where is erykah badu originally from ?
loc:other where can i buy a pony on the big island for my daughter ?
num:period how old was george washington when he died ?
enty:food what is the recipe or formula for coca-cola ?
hum:gr who made the rotary engine automobile ?
desc:desc what is the origin of the term `` blue moon , '' and how often do they occur ?
num:count how many blacks served in the vietnam war
hum:ind what were the last names of gangsters bonnie and clyde ?
loc:other what is the address of the famous mexican star `` thalia '' ?
enty:dismed what does a man suffering from diphallic terata have ?
hum:ind who invented panties ?
hum:gr what is pittsburgh 's baseball team called ?
abbr:exp what is p.m. an abbreviation for , as in 5 p.m. ?
enty:sport what sport can a free-legged pacer compete in ?
abbr:exp what does cpr stand for ?
hum:ind what president had never held an elected office until he was elected to the white house ?
enty:dismed what are the diseases that can be cured by black cumin ?
enty:food what fruit does the ficus produce ?
hum:ind who is the richest person in the world ?
desc:def what is an aurora ?
num:count how much time does the blinking of an eye take ?
desc:reason what made the short-lived star hawks strip so unique ?
enty:cremat what 's the biggest-selling u.s. magazine aimed at a black audience ?
num:dist how deep is a fathom ?
enty:lang what is the primary language of the philippines ?
num:date when did the use of `` the syringe '' first appear in medicinal history ?
desc:def what was the long march in china ?
hum:gr what international organization was founded by clara barton ?
hum:gr what corporation does madonna advertise for ?
enty:termeq what is the islamic equivalent of the red cross ?
num:count how many people visit the pope each month ?
loc:other what planet gave bith to superman ?
num:date what month of the year is there no television in iceland ?
enty:cremat what george harrison tune sounded too much like he 's so fine by the chiffons ?
hum:ind who is buried in the great pyramid of giza ?
loc:country what is the most important nation in the world , historically ?
num:perc what is the current unemployment rate in the u.s. ?
num:date when was the first railroad from the east coast to the west coast completed ?
num:speed how fast can a corvette go ?
desc:desc what do a diamond and lump of coal have in common ?
hum:ind what famous actress made her first appearance on stage at the age of five in the year 191 as `` baby '' ?
desc:desc what effect does lsd have on the brain ?
hum:gr what are the three most successful companies of our time ?
num:money how much did a mcdonald 's hamburger cost in 1963 ?
hum:gr what is the name of the company that manufactures the `` american girl '' doll collection ?
desc:def what is a horologist ?
desc:desc what was the effect of the yalta conference ?
loc:other where is the group m people from ?
loc:country what country is famous for persian rugs ?
num:count how many were in attendance at the last supper ?
num:period how long should you feed your puppy purina puppy chow ?
desc:def what do the figures represent on the easter island ?
enty:cremat what magazine paid $5 , 000 for an eight-millimeter film of john f. kennedy 's assassination ?
enty:termeq what is the name given to the islamic counterpart of the red cross ?
desc:manner how does a submarine operate ?
loc:city what city is graced by the arch of titus ?
hum:ind what is michael jackson 's father 's name ?
hum:ind who was the girl in peter sellers 's soup ?
hum:ind what creative genius said : `` everything comes to him who hustles while he waits '' ?
desc:manner how is paraguay for vacations ?
loc:other where is the world 's most active volcano located ?
abbr:abb what is the acronym for the rating system for air conditioner efficiency ?
loc:country what country is bounded in part by the indian ocean and coral and tasman seas ?
num:count how many people did randy steven craft murder ?
enty:termeq what do you call a section of your finger from one joint to another ?
enty:event what happened on january 15 , 1969 ?
enty:techmeth what muhammad ali maneuver was george foreman the first victim of ?
abbr:exp what is dsl ?
num:count how many small businesses are there in the united states ?
hum:ind who was ben casey 's boss ?
hum:ind what multitalented academy-award-winning director failed a college course in motion-picture production ?
loc:other where is ayer 's rock ?
enty:termeq what 's a craps player called ?
num:date when was the berlin wall erected ?
num:date when was cigarette advertising banned on television and radio ?
enty:sport what is the name of the game that garry kasparov plays ?
enty:religion what caribbean cult did marcus garvey originate ?
enty:plant what is the most widely cultivated plant ?
hum:ind what wild and crazy guy wrote a book called cruel shoes ?
loc:city what city 's theatrical district has been dubbed the roaring forties ?
num:temp what should the temperature be set at while baking peachy oat muffins ?
hum:gr what police force did mack sennett create ?
num:count how many home runs did babe ruth hit in his lifetime ?
hum:ind who was in death of a salesman original movie , not 1985 ?
desc:manner how do i get a complete list of all the people that are living with the last name kilvington ?
hum:ind what is dr. ruth 's last name ?
enty:substance what 's the world 's most common compound ?
loc:other where was george washington born ?
num:count how many colors are there in the spectrum ?
hum:ind what 's the middle name of movie producer joseph e. levine ?
desc:def define sinn fein .
loc:country what two caribbean countries share the island of hispaniola ?
desc:reason what is in baby powder and baby lotion that makes it smell the way it does ?
desc:def what is probability theory ?
hum:ind who told all in ball four ?
enty:product what kind of car did janis joplin ask the lord to buy her ?
hum:ind who followed willy brandt as chancellor of the federal republic of germany ?
loc:mount what continent 's second-highest peak is mont blanc ?
loc:city what peruvian city is home to the mummified body of francisco pizarro ?
num:date when did french revolutionaries storm the bastille ?
desc:manner how can i look up someone 's e-mail address on the internet ?
num:count how many men died building the mackinaw bridge ?
desc:manner how do you tell somebody you like them ?
hum:ind what name does the world know renaissance artist kyriakos theotokopoulos by ?
hum:ind who is the president of bolivia ?
loc:country what nationality is gorbachev ?
hum:ind who played the title role in the romantic englishwoman ?
hum:ind what president once told gene autry : `` please give my regards to your wife dale '' ?
hum:ind who made the deodorant that claimed that it `` actually builds up resistance to odor '' ?
enty:other what is the shape of a football as stated in the nfl rulebook ?
desc:desc what is the origin of thank you notes ?
hum:ind who used auh2o as an election slogan ?
num:period how long do you have to pay back debt after claiming chapter 11 bankruptcy ?
enty:cremat what shakespearean play featured shylock ?
enty:cremat which magazine is `` fine entertainment for men '' ?
desc:reason why do roosters sing at five o 'clock in the morning ?
desc:desc what features of the african elephant are larger than those of the indian elephant ?
loc:other what ocean surrounds the maldive islands ?
loc:country what south american country won its first world cup soccer title in 1978 ?
num:count how many cullions does a male have ?
hum:ind what painter popularized soup cans and brillo soap pad boxes ?
hum:ind who played lucas mccain on the rifleman ?
loc:other what colorful sea 's region does greek legend say the amazons lived near ?
hum:ind who was the only person convicted in the my lai massacre ?
loc:other on what continent is mozambique ?
enty:word what words in the english have two u 's back to back ?
enty:other what do hasidic jews refrain from while dating ?
hum:gr what was the name given the 6 , 500 german airforce troops that used the spanish civil war as a training exercise ?
desc:def what is the poetic meter of blank verse ?
hum:gr rotary engine cars were made by what company ?
hum:ind who was the lawyer who represented randy steven craft ?
desc:desc what is the history of the soft drink mr. pibb ?
enty:food which is a real berry : blackberry , cranberry , raspberry , strawberry ?
enty:substance what materials did the three little pigs use to build their houses ?
hum:ind what part did benjamin franklin play in the development of the newspaper in america ?
num:date when was microsoft established ?
num:date when did president kennedy , lee harvey oswald , and jack ruby all die ?
loc:other what is the u.s. location of procter & gamble corporate offices ?
desc:def what is platinum ?
loc:state what state is known as the hawkeye state ?
hum:ind who is the prime minister of australia ?
loc:state what are all the southern states of the u.s. ?
loc:other what does the river seine empty into ?
enty:other what did people use to freshen their breath before toothpaste ?
enty:veh which airplane was fawaz younis convicted of hijacking ?
loc:state what state did anita bryant represent in the 1959 miss america contest ?
num:count how many soldiers were involved in the last panama invasion by the united states of america ?
desc:desc describe the long march .
hum:gr what major league baseball team compiled the best won-lost record between 1957 and 1983 ?
num:count how many propellers helped power the plane the wright brothers flew into history ?
hum:ind who died with more than 1 , 000 u.s. patents to his credit ?
hum:ind what was the name of randy steven craft 's lawyer ?
hum:ind who won the first general election for president held in malawi in may 1994 ?
loc:other where is south bend ?
loc:country what country has the most coastline ?
loc:state what two states is washington d.c. between ?
num:date in what year did joe dimaggio compile his 56-game hitting streak ?
num:date what year was the setting for american graffiti ?
num:date when did the art of quilting begin ?
desc:reason why are eggs supposed to be stored small end down ?
enty:other what must be exceeded to produce a sonic boom ?
enty:dismed what is a fear of fish ?
num:money how much did the iran-contra investigation cost ?
desc:def what does the double-o indicate in 007 ?
hum:ind what argentine revolutionary fought with castro and died in bolivia in may , 1979 ?
loc:other what botanical marvel did nebuchadnezzar build ?
enty:food what 's known as the queen of drinks ?
hum:ind what famous comic strip character died of acne ?
desc:def what is an aortic abdominal aneurysm ?
desc:def what are chloroplasts ?
num:count how many john deere tractors have been manufactured ?
hum:desc who is zebulon pike ?
enty:other what did the forward-thinking simon brothers bakery of chicago insert into bagels to boost business ?
num:date when did communist control end in hungary ?
desc:manner how do i legally make my own will and testament ?
desc:manner how do you make the color purple ?
enty:food what beer 's name is translated as `` lion brew '' ?
hum:ind what has been the most common christian name of u.s. presidents ?
num:count how many cherubs are there on a trivial pursuit board ?
desc:manner how can i search for a word within my own webpage ?
num:count how many people live in chile ?
enty:sport what sport do the cleaveland cavaliers play ?
loc:country what european country 's monarchy was restored in 1975 ?
desc:reason why are sometimes your hands cold , but the rest of you isn 't ?
hum:ind what english explorer discovered and named virginia ?
enty:event what war added jeep and quisling to the english language ?
loc:country what country is home to heineken beer ?
hum:gr what people make up half the soviet union 's population ?
enty:currency what money was used here ?
num:date when did charles lindbergh die ?
num:count how many athletes did puerto rico enter in the 1984 winter olympics ?
loc:other what is the highest continent ?
hum:gr who used to make cars with rotary engines ?
desc:desc what are my legal rights in an automobile repossession in california ?
desc:def what is the meaning of caliente , in english , ?
loc:other where can i find information on becoming a journalist ?
enty:other what did jack exchange with the butcher for a handful of beans ?
loc:city in what city does maurizio pellegrin now live ?
hum:desc who was buffalo bill ?
enty:other what 's the shape of a camel 's spine ?
enty:currency what type of currency is used in china ?
num:temp what is the temperature today ?
num:temp what is the temperature for cooking ?
enty:currency what currency is used in australia ?